Watch for new projects and new beginnings.
Prepare to take something on faith.
Something new comes your way; go for it.
You are Freeing yourself from limitation.
You are Expressing joy and youthful vigor.
You are Being open-minded.
You are Taking a leap of faith.
You are Attuning yourself to your instincts.
You are Being eager or curious.
You are Exploring your potential.
You are Embracing innovation and change.
You are Being gullible and naive.
You are Taking unnecessary risks.
You are Failing to be serious when required.
You are Being silly or distracted.
You are Lacking experience.
You are Failing to honor well-established traditions and limits.
You are Behaving inappropriately.
A powerful man may play a role in your day.
Your current situation must be seen as one element of a much larger plan.
You are Taking appropriate action.
You are Receiving guidance from a higher power.
You are Becoming a channel of divine will.
You are Expressing masculine energy in appropriate and constructive ways.
You are Being yourself in every way.
You are Inflating your own ego.
You are Abusing talents.
You are Manipulating or deceiving others.
You are Being too aggressive.
You are Using cheap illusions to dazzle others.
You are Refusing to invest the time and effort needed to master your craft.
You are Taking shortcuts.
A mysterious woman arrives.
A sexual secret may surface.
Someone knows more than he or she will reveal.
You are Listening to your feelings and intuitions.
You are Exploring unconventional spirituality.
You are Keeping secrets.
You are Being receptive.
You are Reflecting instead of acting.
You are Observing others.
You are Preserving purity.
You are Being aloof.
You are Obsessing on secrets and conspiracies.
You are Rejecting guidance from spirit or intuition.
You are Revealing all.
You are Ignoring gut feelings.
You are Refusing to become involved, even when involvement is appropriate.
Pregnancy is in the cards.
An opportunity to be involved in luxurious sexuality is coming.
Beware a tendency toward addiction.
You are Nurturing yourself and others.
You are Bearing fruit.
You are Celebrating your body.
You are Bearing (literal or figurative) children.
You are Reveling in luxury.
You are Mothering those around you in positive ways.
You are Enjoying your sexuality.
You are Getting things done.
Overindulging.
You are Being greedy.
You are Smothering someone with attention.
You are Debilitating someone by being overprotective.
You are Inhibiting productivity by obsessing on productivity.
You are Being overcome by addictive behavior.
A father figure arrives.
A new employer or authority figure will give you orders.
Expect discipline or correction in the near future.
You are Exercising authority.
You are Defining limits.
You are Directing the flow of work.
You are Communicating clear guidelines.
You are Being in control of yourself and others.
You are Tempering aggressive masculinity with wisdom and experience.
You are micromanaging.
You are Crushing the creativity of others with a rigid, iron-fisted approach.
You are Insisting on getting your own way.
You are Assuming a dictatorial mindset.
You are Using overt force to achieve your goals and maintain order.
Expect to be caught in a misdeed and punished accordingly.
Pray for forgiveness and confess wrongdoings.
A more experienced man, spiritual leader, or father figure will come into your life.
You are Teaching or guiding others.
You are Searching for the truth.
You are Asking for guidance from a higher power.
You are Acknowledging the wisdom and experience of others.
You are Taking vows.
You are Engaging in heartfelt rituals.
You are volunteering.
You are Using experience as a means of manipulating or misguiding others.
You are Being dogmatic.
You are Favoring tradition over what is expedient or necessary.
You are Going through the motions of empty rituals.
You are Concealing wisdom.
You are Restricting access to spiritual truths or the gods.
A new personal or professional relationship blossoms.
Sexual opportunities abound.
Unexpectedly, a friend becomes a lover.
You are Being in love.
You are Showing your love to others.
You are Expressing passion or romantic feelings.
You are Aligning yourself with groups or like-minded others.
You are Bringing people together.
You are Making well-informed decisions.
You are Debilitating passion.
You are Allowing an unhealthy desire for love to motivate destructive behavior.
You are Disrupting unity.
You are Working against the best interests of those who care about you.
Ill-informed decisions.
Victory is a certainty.
Move ahead with all plans.
Beware the jealousy of others.
You are Breaking through barriers.
You are Moving forward with confidence and authority.
You are Reaching the pinnacle of success.
You are Basking in the glory of achievement.
You are Guiding an effort to total victory.
You are Establishing yourself as a worthy leader.
You are Resting on laurels.
You are Riding roughshod over the feelings or expectations of others.
You are Focusing more on past successes than future opportunities.
You are Failing to rein in impulsive behavior.
Your self-control will be tested.
A woman will seek to change her partner or lover.
You are a strong, capable person.
You are Imposing restrictions on yourself for your own benefit.
You are Bringing your passions under the control of reason.
You are Resisting impulses that work against your best interests.
You are Taking bold action.
You are Indulging weakness, even when you know it will damage your health and happiness.
You are Languishing in addiction.
You are Allowing your instincts to tame and conquer you.
You are Failing to take a stand when necessary.
A period of loneliness begins.
One partner in a relationship departs.
A search for love or money proves fruitless.
You are Becoming or seeking out a guru.
You are Going on a retreat.
You are Recharging spiritual or creative batteries.
You are Lighting the way for those with less experience.
You are Stepping back to gain perspective.
You are Being a loner.
You are Fearing contact with others.
You are Becoming a know-it-all.
You are Inflating claims of expertise.
You are Hiding your skills and talents out of fear of unworthiness.
Some events are in the hands of heaven.
You've lived through this before.
What happened then?
You are Allowing events to unfold.
You are Seeing the larger pattern in everyday events.
You are Trusting your luck.
You are Watching for cycles.
You are Believing that Losing money gambling.
You are Refusing to do your part to bring a plan to fruition.
You are Taking a fatalistic approach to life.
You are Fighting the natural course of events.
A legal verdict will be rendered soon.
Someone is making a decision.
You need to get the facts.
You are Making an objective decision.
You are Weighing an issue carefully before taking action.
You are Appropriately scaling your reaction to a situation.
You are Getting all the facts.
You are Considering evidence.
Deliberate.
You are Delivering harsh criticism.
You are Obsessing on rules and regulations.
You are Playing by the book even when it is destructive or counterproductive to do so.
You are Confusing snap decisions with timely action.
You are Playing favorites.
Justice.
A traitor is revealed.
One of your friends is working against you.
Change your ways or suffer the consequences.
You are Seeing growth opportunities in unpleasant events.
You are Experiencing a dramatic change in personal perspective.
You are Making the best of an unforeseen change in your life or work.
You are Suspending disbelief.
You are Making sacrifices.
You are Being untrue to yourself and your values.
You are Refusing to make sacrifices when appropriate.
You are Refusing to adapt to new situations.
You are Blaming others.
You are Profiting at the expense of others.
A relationship or illness ends suddenly.
Limit travel and risk-taking.
General gloom and doom.
You are Bringing an unpleasant phase of life to an end.
You are Recognizing and celebrating the conclusion of something.
You are Putting bad habits to rest.
You are Becoming a new person.
You are Leaving one person, place, or thing for another.
You are Letting go.
You are Obsessing on death and dying.
You are Refusing to give up old habits or unhealthy relationships.
You are Insisting that everything and everyone should stay the same forever.
You are Failing to take good care of yourself.
Death.
Someone's using drugs or alcohol to excess.
It's time to get back on that diet.
You are Bringing opposites together.
You are Moderating your actions or emotions.
You are Finding middle ground.
You are Reaching compromises.
You are Synthesizing solutions that please everyone involved.
You are Using the old to make something new.
You are Going to extremes.
You are Disrupting group efforts.
You are Ignoring healthy approaches to life.
You are Becoming an addict.
You are Practicing gluttony.
You are Tearing something or someone apart.
You are Breaking alliances.
Temperance.
Adultery and unfaithfulness.
A string of extremely bad luck is coming your way.
Beware evil influences and wolves in sheep's clothing.
You are Appreciating the luxuries that life has to offer.
You are Being comfortable in your own skin.
You are Enjoying your sexuality.
You are Splurging on an expensive personal item.
You are Embracing the fact that everyone has a darker side.
You are Dealing with unhealthy impulses in healthy ways.
You are Putting excessive emphasis on appearances.
You are Always wanting more.
You are Valuing possessions more than people or relationships.
You are Allowing base instincts to govern your life.
You are Being selfish.
You are Attributing your own dark impulses to outside forces or other people.
Impending disaster.
Cancel plans and reverse decisions.
Someone wants to take you down a notch or two.
Don't hold back; say what you really mean.
You are Breaking out of old, confining habits and mindsets.
You are Clearing the way for new growth.
You are Dispelling the influence of an inflated ego.
You are Getting back to basics.
You are Stripping away harmful illusions.
You are Receiving sudden insight.
You are Clinging to traditions that repress growth.
You are Engaging in willful blindness.
You are Rejecting evidence that change is needed.
You are Ignoring guidance from a higher power.
You are Maliciously engaging in destructive behavior.
Get an astrology chart drawn up.
Someone is a little too starstruck.
What's happening now has long been fore-ordained.
You are Hoping for the best.
You are Believing good things happen to good people.
You are Seeing events in the best possible light.
You are Adopting a generous spirit.
You are Seeking guidance from above.
You are Embracing possibility over probability.
You are Denying unpleasant truths.
You are Denying personal accountability and saying, Things just happen!
You are Ignoring signs and omens.
You are Preferring illusion to reality.
You are Spreading pessimism and stinginess of spirit.
Watch for problems at the end of the month.
Someone you know needs to howl at the moon more often.
Someone is about to change his or her mind about an important decision.
You are Enjoying healthy fantasies and daydreams.
You are Using your imagination.
You are Practicing magic or celebrating the magic of everyday life.
You are Attuning yourself to the cycles of nature.
You are Embracing the unknown.
You are Becoming unable to separate fantasy from reality.
You are Suffering from delusions.
You are Losing your appreciation for the fantastic or magical.
You are Adopting a ruthlessly logical mindset.
You are Failing to appreciate life's mysteries.
Everything's coming up roses (or sunflowers, whatever the case may be).
Whatever's on your mind, go for it because you can't lose today.
You are Seeing things clearly.
You are Experiencing intense joy.
You are Celebrating your own successes.
You are Knowing you're good at what you do.
You are Gaining recognition for your personal genius.
You are Being dazzled by your own accomplishments.
You are Becoming absorbed in your own self-image.
You are Feeling rushed and distracted.
You are Exerting yourself to the point of exhaustion.
You are Overstating your abilities or misrepresenting your achievements.
An old issue you thought was over will come up again today.
Get ready for huge changes: break-ups, sudden calls from old friends, and unexpected setbacks.
God's trying to get your attention.
You are Receiving a wake-up call.
You are Discovering a new purpose in life.
You are Becoming totally and completely yourself.
You are Receiving a well-deserved reward.
You are Passing an evaluation or examination.
You are Welcoming the start of a new phase of life.
You are Being weighed in the balances and found wanting.
You are Failing to measure up to a well-defined standard.
You are Being caught goofing off or misbehaving.
You are Failing to prepare for an examination you know is coming.
You are Rejecting an opportunity to reinvent yourself.
Judgement.
You are Winning the lottery.
You are Getting your heart's desire.
You are Having everything you ever imagined having.
You are Having it all.
You are Knowing and loving yourself as completely as possible.
You are Seeing the interconnection of all things and people.
You are Enhancing your perspective.
You are Living life to its fullest.
You are Understanding the meaning of life.
You are Allowing greed and envy to prevent you from enjoying what you do possess.
You are Failing to see the larger design in ordinary events.
You are Believing that everything that exists can be touched, counted, or measured.
You are Failing to see the divine reflected in those around you.
Someone has the A new job offer is coming your way.
Walk softly, and carry a big stick.
You are Being inspired.
You are Identifying an important goal.
You are Being given the opportunity to do whatever you want to do.
You are Giving or receiving direction.
You are Seeing a solution.
You are Creating something new.
You are Being aroused, sexually or creatively.
You are Failing to take advantage of a great opportunity.
You are Being ineffectual or lazy.
You are Making an inadequate effort.
You are Working toward a goal, but lacking the resources or initiative to achieve success.
You are Setting inappropriate goals.
You are Failing to take a stand.
Beware false friends.
Don't be mealy-mouthed; say what you think and do what you want to do.
You are Having a choice.
You are Offering or being offered an option.
You are Seeing the value of another person's approach.
You are Understanding there's more than one way to Successfully doing more than one thing at a time.
You are Being empowered to make a choice.
You are Misrepresenting your intentions.
You are Doing one thing while desiring another.
You are Changing course mid-stream for no good reason.
You are Refusing to change your goal even when pursuing it no longer makes sense.
You are Disregarding the input of others.
You'll be planning a trip soon.
Be on the lookout: your ship is coming in.
You are Putting a plan into motion.
You are Taking that critical first step.
You are Making good things happen.
You are Going beyond your limits.
You are Blazing new trails.
You are Hitting the ground running.
You are Seeing your plans come to fruition.
Procrastinating.
You are Knowing what to do, but refusing to do it.
You are Launching a project without a clear definition of who should do what.
You are Rejecting an opportunity to try something new.
You are Failing to finish what you start.
Someone is watching and evaluating your work.
You may get a wedding invitation soon.
You are Sharing in a great celebration.
You are Sharing in a communal sense of achievement and success.
You are Preparing for a party.
You are Working together toward a common goal.
You are Giving or winning awards.
You are Keeping your nose to the grindstone.
You are Recognizing good work by demanding more work.
You are Failing to share in a group celebration.
You are Allowing sour grapes to poison your moment in the sun.
You are Refusing to do your part.
Prepare for a fight with your best friend.
Remember: once you let words loose, you can't take them back.
You are Calmly expressing a dissenting opinion.
You are Allowing someone to use his or her own methods to get a job done.
You are Opening the floor for discussion or debate.
You are Comparing progress made so far to standards set earlier.
You are Berating others for their ridiculous opinions.
You are Picking fights.
You are Offering destructive criticism.
You are Baiting people with barbed remarks.
You are Disrupting progress with an endless stream of pointless objections.
Someone is planning a party for you, but not everyone feels so good about your recent success.
Watch out for envious friends.
You are Outperforming your peers.
You are Winning a competition.
You are Being recognized as a capable person.
You are Having your Being cheered on by the crowd.
You are Getting an award.
You are Earning the admiration of others.
You are Telling someone, Good job!
You are Being a bad winner.
You are Allowing your achievements to inflate your ego.
You are Looking down on people who seem less capable.
You are Craving to be the center of attention.
You are Giving or receiving insincere praise.
You are Envying the achievements of others.
Don't be surprised by a personal attack.
Prepare to defend yourself or someone you love.
You are Refusing to be silenced through fear or intimidation.
You are Continuing a fight against all odds.
You are Being fierce.
You are Defending yourself against physical and emotional attacks.
You are Refusing to put up with abuse.
You are Clinging to your values despite all pressure to abandon them.
You are Having a chip on your shoulder.
You are Taking unnecessary risks as a means of proving your fearlessness.
You are Looking for an opportunity to take offense.
You are Responding to constructive criticism with defensiveness.
You are Refusing to stand up for yourself and your beliefs.
You are Watch for a surprising letter in the mail.
Your whole world is about to be turned on its ear.
You are Taking swift action.
You are Moving forward with a plan as quickly as possible.
You are Energizing yourself.
You are Adapting to sudden changes.
You are Taking setbacks in stride.
You are Embracing the idea that nothing stays the same forever.
You are Reacting quickly and appropriately to unforeseen problems.
You are Giving in to panic.
You are Running in circles and screaming.
You are Insisting things must always stay the same.
You are Stirring the pot just to see what will happen.
You are Rushing others.
You are Refusing to re-evaluate a schedule or program, even when it's clearly no longer appropriate.
Don't relax yet; there's more to come.
A test you're facing now is happening for one reason: to show you who your real friends are.
You are Sticking with it for the duration.
You are Fulfilling your promises and obligations.
You are Bearing up under incredible duress.
You are Dragging yourself across the finish line.
You are Picking yourself up by your own bootstraps.
You are Refusing to quit.
You are Going as far as you can go and being satisfied with your performance.
You are Making yourself a martyr.
You are Abandoning your post.
You are Giving up at the first sign of opposition.
You are Being prevented from fulfilling an obligation.
You are Failing to be dependable.
You are Refusing to let something go that needs to be released.
You are Beating a dead horse.
You're worn out.
Back off, take a time out, and let someone else handle things for a while.
You are Holding your own in extreme circumstances.
You are Helping others carry their burdens.
You are Coming to the aid of the oppressed.
You are Knowing and being honest about your own limits.
You are Recognizing when you are not well-suited for a particular task.
You are Taking on more work than you know you can handle.
You are Refusing to say No when you're already overloaded.
You are Making a habit of working overtime.
You are Shielding others from facing the consequences of their own poor judgment.
You are Over-extending yourself on a regular basis.
You are Leaping at a new opportunity.
You are Being a cheerleader or ardent advocate for your cause.
You are Being a True Believer.
You are Taking first steps toward independence.
You are Trusting in your own abilities.
You are Asking for feedback.
You are Basing your entire self-image on what others think.
You are Seizing every new idea that comes your way without question.
You are Habitually discounting input or feedback from others.
You are Charging ahead.
You are Making rapid progress.
You are Refusing limits.
You are Dazzling those around you with your wit and charm.
You are Convincing others of your right to leadership.
You are Convincing others to follow you.
You are Being a catalyst for change.
You are Blundering forward with inadequate skill or information.
You are Running roughshod over the feelings of others.
You are Using sex appeal to manipulate others.
You are Forcing your leadership or ideology on others.
You are Beginning many projects without finishing any.
You are Paying close attention.
You are Helping others focus on the issue at hand.
You are Getting everyone to work together.
You are Identifying common ground.
You are Bringing people together, despite their differences.
You are Using reverse psychology.
You are Being distracted, or using your charms or skills to distract others from the goal.
You are Calling attention to yourself with negative or unhealthy behaviors.
You are Disrupting group activities as a means of feeding your own ego.
You are Putting old things together in new and exciting ways.
You are Coming up with unexpected solutions.
You are Using your experience to solve puzzles and problems.
You are Doing what you set out to do.
You are Directing the efforts of others.
You are Using your creativity to get out of honest work.
You are Investing great energy in avoiding responsibility.
You are Boasting about achievements without putting your expertise to practical use.
You are Lording it over others.
Romance is in the cards.
A new relationship or marriage is just around the corner.
Prayers are answered.
You are Trusting your feelings.
You are Opening yourself to spirit.
You are Accepting and returning affection.
You are Getting in touch with what motivates you.
You are Taking advantage of an opportunity to express love to others.
You are Listening to the still, small voice.
You are Hiding your feelings.
You are Spurning an opportunity to love or be loved.
You are Numbing yourself to spiritual yearnings.
You are Rejecting the counsel of your heart.
You are Becoming a puppet of your own emotions.
You are Indulging in hysteria or obsession.
Someone has a secret crush on you.
Relationships should be mutual; get rid of a leech.
You are Being drawn to someone.
You are Longing for someone or something.
You are Acting on your desires.
You are Discovering a feeling is mutual.
You are Doing what makes you feel good.
Merging.
You are Healing broken ties.
You are Admitting two people feel differently about each other and moving on.
You are Burning bridges.
You are Becoming caught up in unhealthy codependency.
You are Shutting out anyone but your chosen few.
You are Obsessing on someone who does not return your affections.
You are Despairing over finding The One.
You are Deceiving yourself about your true orientation.
Unconventional romance is coming your way: a love affair with someone you've always dismissed.
You are Celebrating your feelings or connections with others.
You are Expressing joy through song, dance, or physical affection.
You are Working together with others who share your feelings.
You are Performing acts of service as a way of saying, I love you.
You are Embracing unconventional romantic arrangements.
You are Mistaking giddiness for true affection.
You are Being dominated by manic emotions.
You are Expecting everyone to always feel the same way you do.
You are Demanding unreasonable support from friends or family.
You are Partying to a dangerous or unhealthy extent.
A lover is getting restless.
Find out what he or she needs, or new opportunities may lure your partner away.
You are Maintaining your emotional stability.
You are Refusing to give in to overwhelming emotions.
You are Appreciating what you have and refusing to take it for granted.
You are Seeing the value of long-term commitments.
You are Being bored.
You are Daydreaming at the expense of your work.
You are Refusing to be engaged by opportunity.
You are Taking people and relationships for granted.
You are Ignoring romantic or spiritual opportunities.
You are Spurning inspiration.
You are Feeling everything should stay A breakup looms.
Don't cry over spilt milk.
Take your lumps and get back in the saddle.
You are Acknowledging loss and moving on.
You are Focusing on how the glass remains Finding the silver lining in a dark cloud.
You are Recognizing that loss is a natural part of life.
You are Embracing healthy grief.
You are Learning lessons from harsh consequences.
You are Wallowing in unhealthy grief or self-pity.
You are Refusing to move on and let go.
You are Clinging to the past.
You are Obsessing on past lives and past loves.
You are Failing to live in the present.
You are Beating yourself up over past mistakes.
You are Allowing fear of failure to limit your efforts.
A stingy spirit is strangling your enjoyment of life.
Loosen up and think of others for once, why don't you?
You are Donating your time and talents to others.
You are Taking satisfaction in knowing how your efforts will aid others.
You are Creating a Giving even when you know repayment is not possible.
You are Being motivated to do a good deed.
You are Linking your sense of self-worth to the appraisals of others.
You are Striving to appear more needy than you really are.
You are Taking undeserved or unmerited charity.
You are Bragging about your charitable efforts.
You are Profiteering in times of distress.
You are Refusing to share a burden.
You're being fed a line.
Rather than be dazzled by fancy words and promises, demand something real.
You are Motivating yourself with images of future success.
You are Using visualization to encourage progress.
You are Taking an imaginative or creative approach to problem solving.
You are Making dreams come true.
You are Gleaning insight from personal visions.
You are Obsessing on imaginary fears or uncertain consequences.
You are Giving in to emotional or political terrorism.
You are Spending more time dreaming than working.
You are Failing to envision the possible repercussions of your choices.
You are Being controlled by fear.
Maybe it's time to quit talking about the problem and just move on.
You are Wanting something better.
You are Blazing your own trail.
You are Realizing there must be more to life.
You are Leaving an unhealthy situation behind.
You are Starting your own business.
You are Going on a retreat.
You are Seeking the Being implacable.
You are Finding fault.
You are nitpicking.
You are Refusing to settle down.
You are Running away from problems or confrontations.
You are Saying, It's my way or the highway!
You are Harping on past mistakes and disappointments.
You are Threatening to quit as a strategy to get your way.
Whatever you want, you'll get it.
You are Being delighted with your own achievements.
You are Recognizing your own talents and abilities.
You are Reveling in the good things life has to offer.
You are Indulging yourself.
You are Relaxing and unwinding.
You are Having everything you need in order to feel complete.
You are Being smug.
You are Satisfying yourself at the expense of others.
You are Being selfish.
You are Over-indulging.
You are Avoiding work that needs to be done.
You are Claiming achievements or skills you do not possess.
You are Never being satisfied, no matter how much you have.
Marriage and family are in the cards.
Expect a friendship to blossom into a romance.
You are Having more than you ever dreamed.
You are Being deeply thankful for all you've been given.
You are Recognizing the Hand of God in the gifts the Universe brings your way.
You are Experiencing transcendent joy.
You are Achieving domestic bliss.
You are Comparing your achievements or relationships to unrealistic fantasy standards.
You are Experiencing emotions so intense they blunt your ability to cope with reality.
You are Feeling overwhelmed.
You are Envying the achievements and happiness of others.
You are Showing your emotions freely.
You are Throwing yourself into romance.
You are Nursing a secret crush.
You are Indulging in romantic fantasy.
You are Starting a new relationship.
You are Recalling your first love.
You are Experiencing love for the first time.
You are Converting to a new religion.
You are Mistaking a crush for true love.
You are Reading romantic intention into innocent action.
You are Frantically trying to impress others.
You are Indulging in overly-sweet sentimentality.
You are Pretending to more romantic or spiritual experience than you possess.
You are Being deeply committed to a cause.
You are Giving in to strong emotions, from excitement to depression.
You are Acting on intuition alone.
You are Solving problems intuitively.
You are Believing in and basing decisions on ideals instead of realities.
You are Bringing intuition or passion to the table.
You are Becoming a fanatic.
You are Rejecting information that suggests your intuitions are misguided.
You are Allowing your emotions to control you.
You are Giving in to jealousy, confrontation, and peer pressure.
You are Hiding or ignoring intuitive insights.
You are Allowing yourself to be moved by the plight of others.
You are Feeling strong emotions.
You are Possessing unusual sympathy or empathy.
You are Trusting your feelings to guide you.
You are Calling on psychic abilities.
You are Achieving unity with Spirit.
You are Becoming so caught up in matters of Spirit, you become detached from the world.
You are Allowing empathy to disable you (instead of inspire action).
You are Using psychic abilities to wield covert influence.
You are Wallowing in emotionalism, sentiment, or self-pity.
You are Keeping a stiff upper lip.
You are Being brave and clear in the face of adverse circumstances.
You are Sharing experience as a way of comforting others.
You are Making fair and empathetic decisions.
You are Honoring the spirit, not just the letter, of the law.
You are Allowing yourself to become rigid and unemotional.
You are Making unfair decisions based on a hidden agenda.
You are Making decisions without regard for their emotional impact on others.
You are Abusing spiritual authority.
You are Using emotional or spiritual leverage to exercise unhealthy control over others.
The time to make a choice is now.
You are Stop wavering and do what you know is best.
You are Making objective decisions.
You are Applying logic.
You are Reasoning your way out of a difficult situation.
You are Solving puzzles.
You are Thinking things through.
You are Emphasizing the facts.
You are Clearing your mind.
You are Seeking clarity.
You are Applying ruthless or twisted logic.
You are Gloating over your own superior intellect.
You are Using quick thinking to deceive or confuse others.
You are Confusing snap judgments with quick thinking.
You are Making decisions without thinking through consequences.
Sometimes, the only way to win is to refuse to fight.
You're stuck for now; let time pass before taking action.
You are Refusing to make a decision without getting the facts.
You are Exploring both sides of an argument.
You are Arguing passionately for what you believe in.
You are Weighing the issues.
You are Encouraging the open exchange of ideas.
You are Discussing political or religious issues without getting Rejecting evidence that conflicts with dearly-held beliefs.
You are Arguing with others just for the sake of doing so.
Nit-picking.
You are Putting off a decision because you're afraid to face the consequences.
You are Preventing others from getting the information they need to make good decisions.
Breakups and infidelity abound.
What hurts now, though, will turn out to be good for you later on.
You are Being brave enough to see things as they really are.
You are Exercising your critical eye.
You are Being your own best critic.
You are Acknowledging that things don't always turn out as planned.
You are Moving past heartbreak to embrace a painful truth.
You are Wallowing in despair.
You are Allowing yourself to be completely crushed by the thoughts, words, or deeds of another.
You are Judging yourself too harshly.
You are Holding yourself to an unrealistic standard of excellence.
You are Wearing your heart on your sleeve while carrying a chip on your shoulder.
Don't make any decision now.
Wait, and you'll be glad you did.
You are Thinking over your plans before putting them into action.
You are Pausing to meditate or clear your mind.
You are Taking time to understand someone or something before criticizing it.
Resting.
You are Occupying your thoughts with a healthy distraction.
You are Failing to think things through.
You are Mistaking procrastination for thoughtfulness.
You are Adopting a point of view and refusing to reconsider your conclusions, even when presented with refuting evidence.
You are Allowing chaos and whimsy to dominate your thoughts.
Someone is stealing from you, financially or romantically.
Be wary of friends who talk behind your back.
You are Acting in your own best interest.
You are Choosing to stand up for yourself.
You are Not backing down from disagreement and discord.
You are Taking a stand.
You are Refusing to go along with an unethical plan.
You are Knowing when to bend the rules.
You are Taking advantage of others.
You are Intimidating others.
You are Acting in an unethical manner.
You are Picking fights.
You are Using words to goad others into violence and irrationality.
You are Ignoring rules you've agreed to abide by.
You are Looking out for yourself while allowing harm to come to others.
You are Gloating over victory.
You'll soon go on a long journey over water.
Actions have unexpected consequences, so be prepared.
You are Making the best of a bad situation.
You are Recovering from defeat.
You are Resetting expectations.
You are Making allowances for unexpected circumstances.
You are Helping others who find themselves in dire circumstances.
You are Changing the way you see the world.
You are Broadening your perspective through study or travel.
You are Refusing to accept that things have changed.
You are Playing the victim.
You are Rejecting the idea that your actions have consequences.
You are Applying scientific criteria to matters of faith, or confusing faith with science.
You are Believing the whole world should be like your small corner of it.
Don't assume people around you are worthy of your trust.
Ask for an accounting of where people have been, and what they've been doing.
You are Refusing to do something dishonest, even when there's no chance of ever being caught.
You are Handling a difficult situation with finesse.
You are Pointing out assumptions.
You are Acting ethically in public and in private.
You are Living a life that is beyond reproach.
You are Stealing or lying.
You are Doing whatever you can get away with, simply because you can.
You are Looking for a way around consequences.
You are Justifying wicked behavior by focusing on the wickedness of others.
You are Failing to examine your own motives and prejudices.
You are Get over playing the victim.
You are Once you realize you are your own biggest obstacle, nothing can hold you back.
You are Honoring limits.
You are Respecting the rules.
You are Deciding to go on a diet for your health's sake.
You are Recognizing you cannot always be in control.
You are Identifying obstacles to further progress.
You are Refusing to think about unhealthy or unethical options.
You are Asking for assistance.
You are Feeling trapped.
You are Being lost in a maze of rules and regulations.
You are Giving in to despair.
You are Playing the victim.
You are Allowing others to dictate what you can and cannot do.
You are Being rendered helpless.
You are Having very few options.
You are Failing to look for a way out.
If you take the action you're considering now, you'll be sorry in the future.
You are Refusing to worry about what you cannot control.
You are Rejecting anxiety.
You are Judging your own performance with kindness and gentleness.
You are Using meditation to quiet a troubled mind.
You are Confronting nightmares and fears.
You are Drawing a conclusion and putting an issue out of your mind.
You are Torturing yourself with regrets.
You are Second-guessing your every move.
You are Beating yourself up for your mistakes.
Depression.
You are Obsessing on errors and overlooked details.
You are Refusing to handle stress in healthy ways.
You are Ruining your ability to appreciate the present by dwelling on the past.
You are Debating irreversible decisions.
Disaster.
Put off plans and do not take action until omens are better.
You are Seeing the signs that you've reached your limits.
You are Paying attention to what your body is trying to tell you.
You are Giving in to the need for rest and renewal.
You are Acknowledging that you've hit bottom.
You are Committing to a turnaround.
You are Knowing the worst is over.
You are Accepting defeat prematurely.
You are Driving yourself to total exhaustion, especially mentally.
You are Experiencing a mental breakdown.
You are Obsessing on a problem to the breaking point.
You are Giving up.
You are Refusing to move from thought to action.
Deeply unhealthy thoughts.
You are Pursuing a course of study.
You are Asking good questions.
You are Investing time in study and practice.
You are Doing research.
You are Making a habit of learning new things.
You are Starting an investigation.
You are Outlining what you need to know.
You are Finding a mentor or teacher.
You are Pretending to knowledge or sophistication you do not possess.
You are Cheating on an exam.
You are Feigning interest as a way of gaining favor.
You are Considering only the evidence that supports conclusions you've already drawn.
You are Rejecting the wise counsel of experienced teachers.
A blunder leads someone to say something he or she regrets.
If this was you, be prepared to apologize and move on.
You are Speaking your mind.
You are Making your opinions known.
You are Offering constructive criticism.
You are Sharing your knowledge.
You are Making insightful observations.
You are Pinpointing the problem.
You are Clarifying what others have said.
You are Giving clear direction to others.
You are Uncovering the truth.
You are Stating your opinions as fact.
You are Picking fights.
You are Starting arguments.
You are Using clever insults to undermine the confidence of others.
You are Tossing reason out the window.
You are Speaking without taking the feelings of others into account.
You are Going on a witch hunt.
You are Distorting evidence.
You are Exercising tact or using diplomacy.
You are Defusing a tense situation.
You are Knowing what to say and how to say it.
You are Making others feel comfortable and confident.
You are Bringing out the best in everyone.
You are Having a way with words.
You are Telling jokes.
You are Possessing a knack for music, math, art, or science.
You are Knowing exactly what to say to destroy another person.
You are Withholding critical information.
You are Using a barbed tongue to upset others.
You are Employing sarcasm.
You are Mimicking others unkindly.
You are Making light of the less fortunate.
You are Being disrespectful.
You are Failing to use the talent you've been given.
You are Expressing yourself with firmness and authority.
You are Rendering a final decision.
You are Consulting an expert.
You are Calling in advisors and consultants.
You are Coming to a final conclusion.
You are Reaching a beneficial agreement based on sound information.
You are Insisting on having the last word.
You are Flaunting your intellectual capability.
You are Talking Waffling on an important decision.
You are Constantly changing your mind.
You are Refusing to make choices that are in your own best interest.
You are Wishing in vain you could take back what's been said.
Your health will improve.
A check you're looking for really is in the mail.
You are Outlining a plan for achieving prosperity.
You are Becoming aware of opportunities to improve income or health.
You are Realizing you have everything you need.
You are Appreciating everything the Universe has given you.
You are Receiving the perfect gift at the perfect time.
You are Indulging in relentless consumerism.
You are Wanting more, no matter how much you have.
You are Obsessing on your account balance.
You are Suffering from hypochondria.
You are Consuming blessings without expressing gratitude.
You are Taking what you want without concern for the needs of others.
It's time to balance the budget.
Avoid the temptation to spend critical funds on frivolous goods.
You are Weighing options.
You are Comparing prices.
You are Determining the value of one option over another.
You are Juggling resources to make ends meet.
You are Making difficult choices based on what's best for your body or your bankbook.
You are Looking at the bottom line.
You are Asking for a second opinion on health issues.
You are Engaging in endless price comparison.
You are Putting off a buying decision for fear of finding a slightly better value later on.
You are Buying something without regard for value.
You are Breaking your budget with unnecessary expenses.
You are Engaging in behavior with no regard for how your body or bankbook will be impacted.
A high-dollar contract is in your future.
If you work hard, you'll succeed.
You are Finishing a project.
You are Setting and meeting standards.
You are Performing according to specifications.
You are Making something others value.
You are Creating something new.
You are Doing your part in a group project.
You are Delivering exactly what others have asked for.
You are Pandering to the tastes of others.
You are Failing to deliver what you've promised.
You are Not delivering your best work unless closely supervised.
You are Ignoring or breaking agreements with those who have invested in you.
You are Refusing to do your part.
You are Failing to abide by a clearly-outlined agreement with yourself or others.
A rainy day is coming\u2014it's time to save.
You are Saving for a rainy day.
You are Fasting as part of a spiritual practice.
You are Dieting in an effort to improve your body.
You are Abstaining from sex as a way of honoring a spiritual tradition or personal promise.
You are Being financially conservative.
You are Establishing a trust fund.
You are Opening a savings account.
You are Being stingy.
You are Refusing to spend money that needs to be spent.
You are Withholding sex from your partner.
You are Taking care of your own needs exclusively, without regard for the needs of others.
You are Spending a dollar to save a penny.
You are Failing to be a good manager of the blessings you've been given.
You are Finances are getting tighter.
Prepare for a setback.
You are Recognizing your needs and taking action to fulfill them.
You are Doing as much as you can do with what little you have.
You are Admitting you need help.
You are Embracing the aid that comes your way.
You are Focusing on what you have versus what you don't.
You are Looking for the light at the end of the tunnel.
You are Exaggerating your financial or physical needs.
You are Adopting a poverty mentality.
You are Refusing to support yourself.
You are Refusing offers of support.
You are Playing the martyr.
You are Turning down opportunities to improve your health or finances.
You are Wallowing in misery.
When you need help, ask for it.
Remember, though: what you receive may be limited by what you've given to others in the past.
You are Giving time, money, or effort to a charity.
You are Taking part in a group effort.
You are Lending your resources to others without expecting anything in return.
You are Making sure everyone is treated equally.
You are Working together toward a common goal.
You are Redistributing wealth, time, or attention.
You are Sharing credit for your success.
You are Making a loan as a means of gaining control over someone.
You are Using charitable acts to draw attention to yourself.
You are Dividing work or resources unfairly.
You are Failing to do your part in a group effort.
You are Ignoring obligations and commitments.
Things won't work out as expected.
Pick up the pieces and prepare to move on.
You are Measuring progress toward your goal.
You are Looking at results with an eye toward improving performance.
Asking, How happy am I?
You are Coming up with ideas for improving your health or prosperity.
You are Deciding it's time for a change.
You are Expressing an honest opinion.
You are Becoming distracted by melancholy thoughts.
You are Longing for Beating yourself up over lost opportunities.
You are Judging your own work harshly.
You are Holding others to inappropriate standards.
You are Refusing to take part in a project, then whining about the quality of the outcome.
Stop over-analyzing, researching, and outlining.
Buckle down and get the work done.
You are Doing your best.
You are Bringing enthusiasm and zeal to your work.
You are Making an effort to be the best you can be.
You are Finding the work that is right for you.
You are Taking care of the small details.
You are Becoming a finely skilled craftsperson.
You are Building something with your hands.
You are Making a handmade gift.
You are Working yourself to death.
You are Doing a half-hearted or sloppy job.
You are Continuing in a job you hate.
You are Buying thoughtless gifts.
You are Producing work with shoddy craftsmanship.
You are Rushing through your work.
You are Rejecting opportunities to learn more about your craft.
You are Until you appreciate what you have, you won't have any luck getting more.
You are Investing time in learning or teaching a difficult task.
You are Restraining yourself from physical or financial extremes.
You are Making sacrifices as a way of achieving larger goals.
You are Breaking a complex task down into simple steps.
You are Wanting what you have.
You are Knowing the difference between needs and wants.
You are Being assigned to a task without being trained to perform it.
You are Pursuing a position for which you are not qualified.
You are Disregarding requirements.
You are Refusing to dedicate adequate time or attention when learning about something or someone new.
You are Always craving more.
Big money is in the near future.
You are Expect a powerful blessing to come your way.
You are Celebrating your physical and financial blessings.
You are Realizing how lucky or how blessed you are.
You are Being satisfied with your physical and financial achievements.
You are Taking best advantage of Enjoying a feast.
You are Showering friends or family with gifts.
You are Spending all of your money on extravagant gifts and possessions.
You are Trying too hard to impress others with your wealth or physique.
You are Giving an inappropriately expensive gift as a means of currying favor.
You are Obsessing on matters of weight, health, or finance.
Always asking, What's in it for me?
You are Learning the value of a dollar.
You are Starting a savings plan.
You are Taking the first steps toward getting out of debt.
You are Learning new physical tasks.
You are Discovering your sexuality.
You are Launching a diet, a weight-lifting program, or a health-related effort.
You are Learning by doing.
You are Trying to appear healthier or wealthier than you really are.
You are Spending money carelessly.
You are Living strictly for today, with no thought of tomorrow.
You are Possessing immature attitudes toward sex and sexuality.
You are Using wealth or beauty as an excuse for not having to learn and grow.
A stingy person may chide you for spending money.
Be prepared to defend an economic or sexual decision.
You are Spending money wisely.
You are Saving for a rainy day.
You are Paying close attention to physical or financial details.
You are Knowing where every dollar goes.
You are Having safe sex.
You are Preferring facts to Finding creative ways to Completing a new invention.
You are Throwing caution to the four winds.
You are Spending without regard for consequence.
You are Spending on luxury when necessities are lacking.
You are Escaping stress by spending money.
You are Obsessing on tiny physical or financial details.
You are Perpetually chasing after some new bauble.
You are Copying another's work and claiming it as your own.
You are Appreciating fine food, fine wine, beautiful art, beautiful bodies, or any of the better things in life.
You are Reveling in healthy sexuality.
You are Treating yourself.
You are Splurging on the occasional Rewarding someone with compensation above and beyond expectations.
You are Having it all.
You are Indulging in gluttony or greediness.

You are Becoming insatiable.
You are Blunting the impact of treats by indulging in them too often.
You are Providing physical comfort without providing for emotional needs.
You are Allowing a feeling of entitlement to distort your gratitude for what you're given.
You are Becoming debt-free.
You are Having more than enough to get by.
You are Making contributions to a savings plan.
You are Taking a new job with an eye toward advancing your career.
You are Buying life or health insurance.
You are Being confident in the bedroom.
You are Taking on the role of enforcer when called upon to do so.
You are Becoming so conservative you resist all change on principle alone.
You are Ignoring innovations in the name of preserving tradition.
You are Being smug or cocky.
You are Becoming ruthlessly dedicated to profit or pleasure.
You are Being sexually selfish.
You are Bossing others around, especially when you're not empowered to do so.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air. 
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesnt have.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance.
A good time to finish up old tasks. 
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A lifetime of happiness lies ahead of you.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
A new perspective will come with the new year. 
A person is never to (sic) old to learn. 
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A short pencil is usually better than a long memory any day.
A small donation is call for. Its the right thing to do.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do. 
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All will go well with your new project.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
An acquaintance of the past will affect you in the near future.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you. 
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Believe it can be done.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Bide your time, for success is near.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Could I get some directions to your heart? 
Courtesy begins in the home.
Courtesy is contagious.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Determination is what you need now.
Diligence and modesty can raise your social status.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not demand for someones soul if you already got his heart.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Do you know that the busiest person has the largest amount of time?
Dont be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Dont confuse recklessness with confidence. 
Dont just spend time. Invest it.
Dont just think, act!
Dont let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Dont let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Dont let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Dont worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Education is the ability to meet lifes situations.
Embrace this love relationship you have!
Emulate what you admire in your parents. 
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
Expect much of yourself and little of others.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Failure is the path of lease persistence.
Fear and desire  two sides of the same coin.
Fearless courage is the foundation of victory.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
First think of what you want to do; then do what you have to do.
Follow the middle path. Neither extreme will make you happy.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set  confidence will lead you on.
Get your mind setconfidence will lead you on.
Go for the gold today! Youll be the champion of whatever.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
Have a beautiful day.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed. 
He who knows he has enough is rich.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
Help! Im being held prisoner in a chinese bakery!
How many of you believe in psycho-kinesis? Raise my hand.
How you look depends on where you go.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing, youre right.
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted. 
If youre feeling down, try throwing yourself into your work.
Imagination rules the world.
In order to take, one must first give.
In the end all things will be known.
In this world of contradiction, Its  better to be merry than wise.
It could be better, but its good enough.
It is better to be an optimist and proven a fool than to be a pessimist and be proven right.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It takes courage to admit fault.
Its not the amount of time you devote, but what you devote to the time that counts.
Its time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Like the river flow into the sea. Something are just meant to be.
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Long life is in store for you.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
Love lights up the world.
Love truth, but pardon error. 
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.
Mans mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues. 
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
Now is a good time to buy stock.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Now is the time to try something new
Now is the time to try something new.
Observe all men, but most of all yourself.
One can never fill anothers shoes, rather he must outgrow the old shoes.
One of the first things you should look for in a problem is its positive side.
Others can help you now.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year!
People are attracted by your Delicate features.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Perhaps youve been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Please visit us at www.wontonfood.com
Po Says: Pandas like eating bamboo, but I prefer mine dipped in chocolate.
Practice makes perfect.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Remember the birthday but never the age.
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Savor your freedom  it is precious.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Sift through your past to get a better idea of the present.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Stand tall. Dont look down upon yourself. 
Staying close to home is going to be best for your morale today
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
Strong reasons make strong actions.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is failure turned inside out.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Swimming is easy. Stay floating is hard.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take the high road.
Technology is the art of arranging the world so we do not notice it.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The best prediction of future is the past.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
The greatest achievement in life is to stand up again after falling.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The night life is for you.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you. 
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.
The weather is wonderful. 
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness. 
There is not greater pleasure than seeing your lived (sic) ones prosper.
Theres no such thing as an ordinary cat.
Things dont just happen; they happen just.
Those who care will make the effort.
Time and patience are called for many surprises await you!. (sic)
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just wont budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.
Welcome change.
Welcome is a powerful word.
Well done is better than well said.
Whats hidden in an empty box?
Whats yours in mine, and whats mine is mine.
When more become too much. Its same as being not enough.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
Wish you happiness.
With age comes wisdom.
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a talented storyteller. 
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes. 
You are in good hands this evening.
You are interested in higher education, whether material or spiritual.
You are modest and courteous.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends. 
You are solid and dependable.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation. 
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You are working hard.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
You can keep a secret.
You can see a lot just by looking.
You cant steal second base and keep your foot on first.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired. 
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection. 
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have had a good start. Work harder!
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
You look pretty.
You love challenge.
You love chinese food.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems. 
You never know who you touch.
You only treasure what you lost.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider. 
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You should pay for this check. Be generous.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society. 
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be pleasantly surprised tonight.
You will be sharing great news with all the people you love.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will enjoy good health.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will make change for the better.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.
You will travel far and wide,both pleasure and business.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability is appreciated.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your family is young, gifted and attractive.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your goal will be reached very soon.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your hard work will payoff today.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when its wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mentality is alert, practical, and analytical.
Your mind is creative, original and alert.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your moods signal a period of change.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your reputation is your wealth.
Your success will astonish everyone.
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success. 
Many new friends will be attracted you your friendly and charming ways. 
If you don't think about the future, you can't have one. 
You lead by example, which inspires others. 
Courage is grace under pressure. 
People have great respect for you. 
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. 
Courtesy is cumbersome to them that know it not. 
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending. 
Opportunities surround you if you know where to look. 
An important discussion involving you will take place today. 
A smile increases your face value. 
Courage comes through suffering. 
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off. 
Love is like sweet nectarine, good to the last drop. 
We write our own destiny. We become what we do. 
All things are difficult before they are easy. 
Sucess lies in the hands of those who wants it. 
Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain. 
You'll seldom experience regret for anything that you've done. 
Failure is feedback. And feedback is the breakfast of champions. 
The early bird gets the work, but the second mouse gets the cheese. 
Happiness isn't an outside job, it's an inside job. 
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. 
Love is a necessary to human beings as food and shelter. 
Never compare yourself to the best others can do, but to the best you can do. 
A kiss can beautify souls, hearts, and thoughts. 
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree. 
Nobody can be exactly like you. 
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point. 
A part of us remains wherever we have been. 
You will be graced by the presence of a loved one soon. 
Soon life will become more interesting. 
You don't need strength to let go of something. What you really need is understanding. 
Do it now! Today will be yesterday tomorrow. 
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart. 
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it. 
People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. 
In the midst of a busy life, take some time to be a kid again. 
Open your horizons and see all the options you have. Then you will truly be fortunate. 
It is better to attempt something great and fail than attempt to do nothing and succeed. 
Minutes are worth more than money. Spend them wisely. 
It's amazing how much good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit. 
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain. 
We must always have old memories and young hopes. 
Any day above ground is a good day. 
Your greatest asset is not the quantity of your friends, rather the quality of your friends. 
Your inteligence is something to be admired. 
The course of life is unpredictable...no one can write his autobiography in advance. 
You are a lover of words, someday you will write a book. 
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet. 
If your friend wants to learn to drive, don't stand in the way. 
Accept compliments and give praise. 
There is no rose wihtou a thorn. 
Your mind is original creative, and alert. 
You always have the right answers; they just sometimes ask the wrong questions. 
Romance moves you in a new direction. 
If it ain't broken, don't fix it. 
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world. It beats money, power, and influence. 
The harder the conflict, the more glourius the triumph. 
Pay attention, an opportunity will knock on your door. 
The current year will bring you much happiness. 
You will be given new confidente by and old mentor. 
You will receive an unexpected gift from an acquaintance. 
Follow your heart for success in the coming week. 
Something wonderful is about to happen to you. 
An enjoyable vacation is awaiting you on an island. 
With integrity and consistency
Reach out your hand today to support others who need you.
It is not the outside riches bit the inside ones that produce happiness.
How dark is dark?, How wise is wise?
We can admire all we see, but we can only pick one.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
You discover treasures where others see nothing unusual.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
Understanding the nature of change, changes the nature.
You will be unusually successful in business.
Your spirit of adventure leads you down an exiting new path.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
You are the master of every situation.
Be brave enough to live creatively.
Cookies go stake. Fortunes are forever.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens.
Ability is not something to be shown off.
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself.
Your power is in your ability to decide.
Wherever you go, whenever you can, try to leave a gift.
Kind words can be shot and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Age can never hope to with you while your heart is young.
Example is better than perception.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Today's profits are yesterday's good well ripened.
LSDBS - Let Something Good Be Said.
There is in the worst of fortunes the best change of a happy ending.
Service to many leads to greatness.
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force.
I think and that is all that I am.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Yesterday was a dare to struggle. Today is a dare to win.
Make everyday your best. You will improve yourself greatly.
You must be willing to act today in order to succeed.
Venture not all in one boat.
Suppressing a moment of anger may save a day of sorrow.
Never be less than your dreams.
The good times start when I count to 3: 1... 2... 3.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
If you chase two rabbits both will escape.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
Haste does not bring success.
You will stumble into the path that will lead your life to happiness.
You will always be successful in you professional career.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Service is the rent you pay for having room on the Earth.
Be smart, but never show it.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
You or a close friend will be married soon.
We will not know the worth of water 'till the well is dry.
You are talented in many ways.
Do your best to make it happen
You will find great forces in unexpected places.
What you see in the mirror, and what you are can be two different images.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Do onto others as you wish others do onto you.
Struggle as and hard as you can for whatever you believe in.
You have a pair of shining eyes.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Stand tall! Don't look down upon yourself.
Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible.
Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the conquest of it.
Wise man seldom talks.
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Don't put off till tomorrow what can be enjoyed today.
A family reunion in the coming months will be a tremendous success!
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
Calamity is the touchstone of a brave mind.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
You are going to take a vacation.
Commitment is the stuff character is made of; the power to change the face of things.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
To be eighty years young is more cheerful and hopeful than forty years old.
To be eighty years young is more cheerful and hopeful than forty years old.
A person is not wise simply because one talks a lot.
It takes guts to get out of the ruts.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.
Most people, once they graduate from the school of Hard Knocks, automatically enroll.
Everyone needs to be loved, especially those do not deserve it.
Winning isn't everything but the will to win is.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You will be awarded some great honor.
Don't build your happiness on other's sorrow.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Kiss is not a kiss without the heart.
Don't be afraid of fear.
There's no point to being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
You will learn something new every day.
You can't go far in a rowboat without oars.
Failure is the virtual way to prepare you for great responsibilities.
Many receive advice only the wise profit by it.
A banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining.
Maturity: Do your duty without being supervised.
Your cheerful outlook is one of your assets.
You can't have everything... where would you put it all?
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
He who hurries cannot walk with dignity.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
If you're riding ahead of the heard, look back once in a while to make sure it's still there.
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything.
Three can keep a secret if you get rid of two.
Everywhere you choose to go friendly faces will greet you.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
To understand is hard. Once one understands, action is easy.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
When in anger, sing the alphabet.
Wealth is a means to an end... not the end itself.
It's high time for one of your most promising ideas.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
People are drawn to you and look to you for advice.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Do a good deed anonymously. You will make a difference in your life.
Financial prosperity is coming your way!
A healthy body will benefit you forever.
Mental activity keeps you busy at this time.
Say "I love you" and mean it. You can't do that enough.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
Enjoy the small things you find on your path.
Good food brings good health and longevity.
The act of giving is more important than receiving.
Every burden is a blessing.
Prosperity is in your fortune.
Your next interview will result in a job.
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Peace begins with a smile.
Engage in group activities that further transformation.
Be satisfied with what you already own.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
You have a potential urge and the ability for accomplishment.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Action is worry's worst enemy.
Men do not fail... they give up trying.
Are your legs tired? You been running through someone's mind ALL day long.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not loose this ability.
Will you let compassion to manage your wishes.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
Home is where your heart is.
A huge fortune at home is not as good as money in use.
Humor is the affirmation of dignity.
Your heavy desire, only allow you to see what you are looking for.
TEAMS - Together Everyone Achieves More Success.
You have a heart of gold.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
Want to learn how to love, start with the one you hate.
There is beauty in simplicity.
Learning is a treasure which accompanies us everywhere.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
This person's love is just and true. You may rely on it.
You will be spending time outdoors, in the mountains, near water.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
He joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Regenerate your system through diet and exercise. Save the cookies!
Listen to the wisdom of the old.
Even the toughest of days have bright spots, just do your best.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
When the moment comes, take the one from the right.
Old friends make best friends.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
People learn little from success, but much from failure.
Keep in mind your most cherished dreams of the future.
You always do things the right way.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
Join a new club today, you'll be surprised.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Some people never have anything except ideas, Go do it.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
You are more likely to give than give in.
If you bite the hand that feeds you, it wont taste as good as the food you were fed.
The heart has its reasons, which the reasons dos not know.
Even the longest of days will come to an end.
You enjoy giving gifts of yourself to others, you will be rewarded!
There are no stupid questions, just stupid answer.
Success is an accumulation of successful days.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
Just because you put tap shoes on an elephant does not mean it can dance.
Start to look for you faults if you never made mistakes.
Good sense is the master of human life.
Your luck has been completely changed today.
Ask advice, but use your own common sense.
A judgment will rule in your favor.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
Look forward to great fortune and a new lease on life!
You will travel to many places.
You will enjoy a trip to Asia.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit.
You will have a long and wealthy life.
Your smile always brightens the cloudiest days.
A friend in the market is better than money in the purse.
A new venture will be a success.
It is by those who have suffered that the world is most advanced.
Everything must have a beginning.
The important thing is to express yourself.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all undimmed.
New and rewarding opportunities will soon develop for you.
Seek to assert your devotion when a worthy situation arises.
The glass is not half-empty, it's just twice too big.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
A sound mind and healthy body bring many happy events to your family.
Plan your work and work your plan.
Courage is rightly considered the foremost of the virtues, for upon it, all others depend.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
Character development is the true aim  of education.
Trust him, but sill keep your eyes open.
He who is shipwrecked the second time cannot lay the blame on Neptune.
To get respect from others, one must first give respect to others.
Walk the words you talk and talk the words you walk.
People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.
The time is right to make new friends.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
If you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and soul devout.
Walk with a good heart and you will run with success.
We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
You will soon meet the person you admire.
A good time to start something new.
All generalities are false.
Come back later... I am sleeping. (yes, cookies need their sleep too)
If at first you do not succeed... try something harder.
Your good listening skills will open many doors.
Two people shorten a road.
All the world may not love a lover but they will be watching him.
Character is who you are when no one is watching.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Sometimes the object of the journey is not the end, but the journey itself.
The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, and passion.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
You are an exciting and inspiring person.
Struggle as hard as you can for whatever you believe in.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts up his eyes.
Comfort zones are often expanded through discomfort.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
You will have a pleasant trip.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
Happy life is just in front of you.
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
You were born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
You will sleep well at night.
You love sports, horses, and gambling, but not to excess.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
You could prosper in the field of medical research.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
You will have a bright future.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You look pretty.
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective.
Find release from your cares. Have a good time.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
God has given you one face, and you make yourselves another.
Practice makes perfect.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
A friend in the market is better than money in the purse.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
You have an important new business development shaping up.
Share your happiness with others today.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ignorance never settles a question.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will never be last in line. You will always excel!
You are heading for a land of sunshine.
The will of the people is the best law.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
The Chinese ancient civilization attracts you.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
An unexpected event will bring you riches.
Your life gains the stability you desire.
Some pursue happiness; you create it.
People are attracted by your delicate features.
Diligence is the mother of good nature.
There is something seeing and there is something being seen.
You're at that critical point; make that last push.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You are on the verge of something big.
There is no time like the present.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure.
You love life very much.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Watch your relations with other people carefully, be reserved.
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Enjoy what you have! Never mind fame and power.
A leader is powerful to the degree he empowers others.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.
Progress always involves risk.
Open up your mind. Let your fantasies unwind.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
Believe it can be done.
Bide your time, for success is near.
As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every moment of time.
Allow your mind to absorb new knowledge.
The intention is not to see through people, but rather to see people through.
Wealth is not a matter of intelligence; it's a matter of inspiration.
You will have many important meetings, visits, and chance encounters.
You will make a name for yourself.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
All the answers you need are right there in front of you!
Better to face danger than be always in fear.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Lies and sorrow may float through the air, but truth and happiness live inside yourself.
You don't get in life what you want; you get in life what you are.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
Let the spirit of adventure set the tone.
Your career is moving more and more towards service to others.
You will soon be involved in many gatherings, parties and communications.
Your luck will be changed today.
Your careful nature will bring you financial success.
You are always entertaining and delightful.
With integrity and consistency, your credits are piling up.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Courage is the mastery of fear - not the absence of fear.
Constant grinding can turn an iron rod into a needle.
You may lack ambition, but not the ability to succeed.
Smile! A frown may turn others away.
You have a unique personality.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort.
Lady luck will soon visit you.
You will live a long, prosperous life.
Soon, you'll have a chance at a profitable transaction.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
The home is the chief school of human virtues.
The time has come to allow your heart to guide you.
Assert yourself, your ideas are worthwhile.
The smallest deed is better than the biggest intention.
The two hardest things to handle in life are failure and success.
To understand a man's mind, listen to his words.
Enjoy the lighter things in life, deeper joys will follow.
Before you receive, you must give.
An hour with friends is worth more than ten with strangers.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or better.
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he gives up.
It is better to ask some questions than to know all the answers.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A journey must begin with a single step.
Before you wonder, "Am I doing things right," ask "Am I doing the right things?"
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Patience is a key to joy.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe.
A good beginning is half the task.
Sometimes traveling to a new place leads to great transformation.
You will move to a wonderful new home within the year.
Hope is the most precious treasure to a person.
Don't be afraid to take that big step.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
Failure is the mother of success.
Warning, do not eat your fortune.
Demonstrate refinement in everything you do.
Impossible standards just make life difficult.
A different world cannot be built by indifferent people.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
For true love? Send real roses preserved in 24 carat gold!
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
The food here taste so good, even a cave man likes it.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending.
Happiness isn't something you remember, it's something you experience.
Oops...wrong cookie.
The dream is within you.
Love is on its way.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Use your talents; that's what they are intended for.
The troubles you have now will pass away quickly.
See the light at the end of the tunnel.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
Don't "face" reality, let it be the place from which you leap.
Fortune smiles upon you today.
Believing is doing.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Your ability to pick a winner will bring you success.
Humor usually works at the moment of awkwardness.
Stop procrastinating - starting tomorrow.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
You love Chinese food.
You are far more influential than you think.
Adjust finances, make budgets, to improve your standing.
Happiness is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
An understanding heart warms all that are graced with its presence.
Your co-workers take pleasure in your great sense of creativity.
You are one of the people who "goes places in life."
Others enjoy your company.
When in doubt, let your instincts guide you.
A cheerful message is on its way to you.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you tonight.
You can't go down the right path without first discovering the path to go down.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
The joyful energy of the day will have a positive affect on you.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
Be patient; in time, even an egg will walk.
You are not a person who can be ignored.
You always know the right times to be assertive or to simply wait.
Reading to the mind is what exercise is to the body.
Eat something you never tried before.
Your life becomes more and more of an adventure!
You need to live authentically, and you can't ignore that.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
To build a better world, start in your community.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat, it can sometimes help to act as if you did.
May you have great luck.
A kind word will keep someone warm for years.
Nothing in the world is accomplished without passion.
Human invented language to satisfy the need to complain.
Accept what comes to you each day.
A small lucky package is on its way to you soon.
In human endeavor, chance favors the prepared mind.
Do not upset the penguin today.
Don't cry.
The best way to give credit is to give it away.
Anything you do, do it well. The last thing you want is to be sorry for what you didn't do.
Grant yourself a wish this year; only you can do it.
Love thy neighbor; just don't get caught.
You will be selected for a promotion because of your accomplishments.
There are many new opportunities that are being presented to you.
You will receive a gift from someone that cares about you.
You are not illiterate.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
Treasure what you have.
The greatest precept is continual awareness.
A new friend helps you break out of an old routine.
I have a dream...Time to go to bed.
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
The best is yet to come.
It is better to be the hammer than the anvil.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step.
Action speaks nothing, without the motive.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Live each day well and wisely.
Old dreams never die they just get filed away.
You can fix it with a little extra energy and a positive attitude.
Life is a verb.
A man without aim is like a clock without hands, as useless if it turns as if it stands.
Many folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Wow! A secret message from your teeth!
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
Your success will astonish everyone.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Your hard work will get payoff today.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
No matter what your past has been, you have a spotless future.
Your secret desire to completely change your life will manifest.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
A thrilling time is in store for you.
It's tough to be fascinating.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him.
Aren't you glad you just had a great meal?
Only talented people get help from others.
You will be successful in your work.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
When you're about to turn your heart into a stone remember: you do not walk alone.
You are vigorous in words and action.
The one who snores will always fall asleep first.
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly!
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
Do not be overly judgmental of your loved one's intentions or actions.
Think of how you can assist on a problem, not whom to blame.
The life of every woman or man&mdash;the heart of it&mdash;is pure and holy joy.
Take it easy.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Use your head, but live in your heart.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
It may be those who do most, dream most.
Your passions sweep you away.
Listen to yourself more often.
Think of mother's exhortations more.
The gambler is like the fisherman; both have beginner's luck.
You are given the chance to take part in an exciting adventure.
The simplest answer is to act.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
You are the man of righteousness and integrity.
He who seeks will find.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Pick a path with heart.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
Face facts with dignity.
Be calm when confronting an emergency crisis.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change in your life.
Everyone agrees you are the best.
Everything will now come your way.
You will be called to fill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The eyes believe themselves; the ears believe other people.
Good beginning is half done.
It's the worst of times, you need to summon your optimism.
You are cautious in showing your true self to others.
Your ability to accomplish tasks will follow with success.
We all have extraordinary coded within us, waiting to be released.
Compassion is a way of being.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
The pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more.
Did you remember to order your takeout also?
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on that one thing.
Right now there's an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Everybody feels lucky for having you as a friend.
When the moment comes, take the top one.
Sometimes traveling to new places leads to great transformation.
There is always a way&mdash;if you are committed.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
Don't just spend time, invest it.
Life always gets harder near the summit.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
Enjoy life! It is better to be happy than wise.
To make the cart go, you must grease the wheels.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Before you wonder "Am I doing things right?", ask "Am I doing the right things?"
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
The big issues are work, career, or status right now.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
Consume less. Share more. Enjoy life.
The secret of staying young is good health and lying about your age.
Spring has sprung. Life is blooming.
Go ask your mom.
The possibility of a career change is near.
The important thing is to never stop questioning.
Compassion will cure more than condemnation.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!
Broke is only temporary; poor is a state of mind.
Here we go. "Moo Shu Cereal" for breakfast with duck sauce.
Teamwork: the fuel that allows common people attain uncommon results.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
Working out the kinks today will make for a better tomorrow.
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
You will enjoy razor-sharp spiritual vision today.
The wise are aware of their treasure, while fools follow their vanity.
Well-arranged time is the surest sign of a well-arranged mind.
Never bring unhappy feelings into your home.
This is really a lovely day. Congratulations!
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
You are very grateful for the small pleasures of life.
Today, you should be a passenger. Stay close to a driver for a day.
Hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is only conquered by love.
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this planet.
Good clothes open many doors. Go shopping.
The leader seeks to communicate his vision to his followers.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
People who are late are often happier than those who have to wait for them.
Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.
The time is right to make new friends.
You may be hungry soon; order a takeout now.
Do not hesitate to look for help, an extra hand should always be welcomed.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes?
Humor is an affirmation of dignity.
What's vice today may be virtue tomorrow.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You will travel to many places.
Accept yourself.
Be a generous friend and a fair enemy.
Never quit!
Old friends, old wines, and old gold are best.
Every friend joys in your success.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You are a person of strong sense of duty.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become.
You have a quiet and unobtrusive nature.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
You love peace.
Judge not according to the appearance.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
You will be sharing great news with all people you love
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
Open up your heart; it can always be closed again.
Being happy is not always being perfect.
Next time you have the opportunity, go on a roller coaster.
Try everything once, even the things you don't think you will like.
Life is too short to hold grudges.
Dream your dream and your dream will dream of you.
Being alone and being lonely are two different things.
Tomorrow, take a moment to do something just for yourself.
Someone close to you is waiting for you to call.
A virtual fortune cookie will not satisfy your hunger like that of a home made one.
Smile. Tomorrow is another day.
You can never be certain of success, but you can be certain of failure if you never try.
It takes ten times as many muscles to frown as it does to smile.
Shoot for the moon! If you miss you will still be amongst the stars.
Keep your eyes open. You never know what you might see.
Tell them what you really think. Otherwise, nothing will change.
Let your heart make your decisions; it does not get as confused as your head.
Working hard will make you live a happy life.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Prosperity is in your fortune.
Enthusiasm can change the current situation.
You are the master of every situation.
You have a lively family.
A balance is needed between home and business.
A carefree life will be yours.
A challenge is near.
A change of heart may lead to a new living environment.
A certain someone will appear who could enhance your life.
A companion is an added strength.
A distant romance will begin to look more promising.
A dramatic change of scenery is in store for you.
A financial venture will turn a profit sooner than expected.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
A friend will be important to you & your forthcoming success.
A friend will bear great news.
A friend will soon bring you a present.
A girlfriend is like a bottle of wine, and a wife is like a wine bottle.
A good reputation is something to prize and cherish.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A loved one's concerns are of utmost importance at this time.
A man with brown eyes has a surprise for you.
A messenger will soon bring good tidings.
A new approach will bring you greater career success.
A new chapter in your life is being written.
A newcomer in your life is becoming more important.
A newspaper item will soon happily affect you.
A package or letter is important to you tomorrow.
A partnership shall prove successful.
A personal relationship will become more fulfilling.
A refreshing change is in your future.
A resort area will be part of your next holiday plans.
A romantic interlude may have to be postponed.
A short stranger will soon enter your life.
A sudden change in plans will lead to good fortune.
A tantalizing new prospect will come your way.
A television program will give you great impetus.
A thing of beauty shall bring you great joy.
A thrilling time is ahead for you.
A trip by air is in your future.
A trip is in your future.
A very important personal discussion will take place today.
A windfall is coming for you.
A worthy cause will appreciate your generosity.
Accept no substitutes for that which is genuine.
Accept the next proposition you hear.
Achieving peace of mind is a most worthwhile goal.
Act now for good results in the spring.
Affairs of the heart shall bring you deep joy.
All facets of your life are looking up.
All goes well with your personal life.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
An accidental meeting will be to your advantage.
An appeal for some assistance may catch you off guard.
An important position shall soon be yours.
An important telephone call will soon be made to you.
An interesting project is pending.
An official document will arrive soon.
An old friend will be your source of strength.
An old friend will try to contact you.
An outgoing attitude is the key to your efforts.
An outstanding opportunity will soon present itself.
An unexpected call could be pleasing to a good friend.
Answer just what your heart prompts you.
At the end of the month you will gain more peace of mind.
Avoid taking unnecessary risks.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
Be assertive and you will win.
Be cautious at this time.
Be patient if some luxuries are not out of your reach.
Be receptive to making new friends today.
Be sympathetic and you will get a new insight in your dealings.
Behind every able man there are other able men.
Being on time will aid you to succeed this month.
Being the first to try something new could be great.
Brighter prospects can originate from a change of heart.
By next month, your added responsibilities will be alleviated.
Calm, poise & balance will help your life to flourish.
Catch up with various neglected chores.
Cherish home and family as a special treasure.
Children will contribute to your cheerfulness.
Children will play an important role in your life.
Clarity of mind helps in decision making.
Compassion is very much a part of you.
Concentrate on financial matters until the end of the month.
Confucius say, "Virgin like balloon; one prick, all gone."
Contact those who share your interest in a project.
Contentment will be your key to happiness.
Cope with current pressures without losing your cool.
Counting time is not as important as making time count.
Courage  and optimism are your best traits.
Deal only with firms of proven reliability.
Decide what you want and go for it.
Desires that are not extravagant will be granted.
Diversify your interests for fewer worries.
Don't be hasty; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Don't forget, you are always on our minds.
Don't lose sight of what you want.
Don't steal, the government hates competition.
Doors shall soon open for you.
Easy times are ahead for you.
Energy will abound next month.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
Enjoy your good company, they are true friends.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Executive ability in your makeup will lead you to success.
Fall shall see all your cares and worries slip away.
Family relationships will improve with time.
Feelings of goodwill to all should lighten your mood.
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
Financial security is just around the corner.
Financial success is on your doorstep.
Find some time to look up some older relatives.
Find the road to your happiness by helping others.
Follow the advice of your heart.
Follow your instincts, they are valid.
Following inner promptings brings quiet accomplishment.
Fortune is on your side. Play it for all it's worth.
Fortune smiles upon you at this time.
Fruits of your labour will be rich and sweet indeed.
Fun and excitement will soon be yours.
Functioning superbly will come automatically to you.
Get to the nitty-gritty of things in all dealings.
Get together with associates for beneficial decisions.
Get your schedule into a shape you can manage easily.
Give it time and it will work out.
Give time and thought to everything you do.
Give your business interests top priority next month.
Give your undivided attention to things that are basic.
Go easy, be moderate and patient.
Golden investment opportunities are arising.
Good common sense will help you master life.
Good fortune will soon find you.
Good news is on the way.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Good things are said about you.
Good things come in small packages.
Great thoughts will come from the heart.
Happy events will take place shortly in your home.
Heaven will rain success on you.
Home entertainment ought to be extra successful now.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
If bargain hunting, be practical.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be orgasmic.
If planning study or training, now is the time to go ahead.
If you have any doubts at all, hold off on decisions.
If you have money in hand, spend it on improving yourself.
If you work seriously, you will succeed.
Important associates will be there for you if needed.
Important decisions must be made, don't avoid making them.
Important news about your job will come soon.
Indulge your ambitious nature.
It will take maturity and compromise to manage.
Joint ventures work out better than going it alone.
Joy will come with the return of a dear friend.
Judge one not by his charms, but by his qualities.
Keep a 'go-for-it' attitude and you are sure to be a winner.
Keep expectations reasonable.
Let intuition rule this month, and you will find success.
Let no one cause you to violate your principles.
Life is not a struggle, it's a wiggle.
Life will shower happiness upon you.
Look deeply within to root out negative attitudes.
Look for a priceless bit of news from a loved one.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Look for some bargains this month.
Look to the coming month for a solution to your problem.
Love begets love.
Listen to your intuition this month.
Love is like wildflowers; it is often found in the most unlikely places.
Love is the triumph of "horny" over "smart".
Luck begins to soar as high as your ambition.
Luck is on your side if you have patience.
Luck is on your side this month.
Luck will soon visit you.
Luck will visit you on the next new moon.
Luck with your job and money will put you into good humour.
Make allowances for exaggeration on someone's part.
Make no rash moves for now.
Make the most of a period of relative peace and harmony.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Make up your mind and do what you want to do.
Make use of whatever advanced technology is available.
Make way for new career decisions.
Many a false step is made by standing still.
Many ideals are becoming real.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
Minimize expectations to avoid being disappointed.
Moneywise, you are lucky this month.
More money and travel is in your future.
Move slowly but surely to success.
New financial resources will soon become available to you.
Next month will be a special month for you.
Next month will be hectic, yet delightful.
Next month will prove to be pivotal in your life.
Next week you should unveil your idea. Be ready to act.
Next month you will be a big hit socially.
Now is a good time to start something new.
Now is the time.
Now is the time to depart from your regular routine.
Now is the time to enjoy trying something new.
Now is the time to resolve all unfinished business.
Now is the time to set priorities.
Now is the time to set your sights high and go for it.
Now is the time to try something new.
Old acquaintances are important this week.
On the first week of the next month do something just for you.
Opportunities to shine in your career will materialize soon.
Optimism & versatility are your strengths.
Others' thought waves are easy to tune into now.
Past inspirations & experiences will be helpful in your job.
People will listen to you and could be willing to help.
People you deal with will be more co-operative than usual.
Persistence will lead to a promotion soon.
Play it safe next month, and it will be a great one.
Prosperity & love are in reach.
Recreational interests may command your attention.
Re-decorating will be in your plans.
Relax and concentrate on your career plans.
Relax and romance will flourish.
Relax and spend some time with a loved one.
Rely on long time friends to give you advice.
Research shall bring considerable success with great results.
Resist a temptation to take shortcuts of any kind.
Revisit old friends, it has been far too long.
Romantic interests will improve if you make the next move.
Rough times are now behind you.
Saturday night promises great excitement.
Seek to establish your inner sense of serenity.
Seize the day. Fortune says you can have it all.
Sensitivity makes you special, but also makes you vulnerable.
Seven & eight are significant numbers for you.
Sing and rejoice; fortune is smiling upon you.
Simplicity & clarity in dress will draw desired eyes your way.
Socially, you will be involved with an enjoyable event.
Solutions will come to you while you are walking.
Someone close to you will show you the way.
Someone will look to you for help and advice.
Something truly delightful awaits you.
Soon a stranger shall enlighten you.
Soon you will encounter a whole new world of opportunity.
Speed is no substitute for accuracy.
Step by step you will ascend the staircase to success
Stick to one thing, and all will come.
Striving for the best will bring you the best.
Success is a sure thing.
Success is yours if you continue on the path you have chosen.
Take a break from your usual routine & enjoy yourself.
Take charge of your own life and decisions.
Take pains to prevent getting completely exhausted.
Take steps now to ensure success.
Tasks where skill is essential may be accomplished.
That long-sought opportunity will soon arise.
The answer to your problem will soon be obvious to you.
The art of keeping secrets will be your key to success.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
The cautious seldom make mistakes.
The colour red will be important to you.
The current year will bring you great/much happiness.
The evening promises romantic interests.
The full moon sees an increase in status or income.
The glitter of gold will brighten your skies.
The joys of leisure time will be yours.
The last wish you made will come true.
The longest journey is started by a single step; take it.
The new moon will bring pleasant surprises.
The project that you have in mind now gains momentum.
The rainbow treasures will soon belong to you.
The respect & help of influential people will soon be yours.
The sky's the limit this month.
The social scene will be a lot more fun today.
The star of riches is shining on you.
The strengths in your character will bring you serenity.
The tide of change approaches.
The time is suitable for long-range plans and goals.
The weekend ahead predicts enjoyment.
The wisdom of knowing when to speak will bring you respect.
The world will soon be ready to receive your talent.
There are good times ahead for you.
There is a tendency to carry activities too far.
There is new hope for projects you had almost given up on.
There will be a change in plans this weekend.
This is a good day to get things done that require expertise.
This is a good time to finish up old tasks.
This is a month of opportunities, but you must stay alert.
This is the perfect weekend to break routine.
This time is suitable for long-range plans and goals.
To get what you want, you must commit yourself for some time.
To reach distant places, one has to take the first step.
Today is a lucky day for those who remain cheerful and optimistic.
Today will be lucky and memorable for you.
Traveling down south will lead you to unexpected happiness.
Trust him, but still keep your eyes open.
Try to resolve contradictory issues with reason.
Tuesday is an especially important day for you.
Tuesdays & Thursdays stack odds in your favour.
Unplanned activities will be the most satisfying.
Use your ingenuity for unqualified success.
Utilize your talent for getting things organized.
Valuable information will be supplied by a child.
Wednesday is the day to make your move.
Welcome affectionate gestures from friends or lovers.
When the daffodils bloom, so will great joy in your life.
When time permits, your personal life will be exciting.
When winter comes, heaven will rain success on you.
With renewed energy, accomplish what you can.
You always know when to be kind and when to be assertive.
You and your loved ones will be happy in your life together.
You and your partner will be happy in your life together.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You are a person of culture.
You are a poor, pathetic, gullible fool who seeks advice from bakery products.
You are a practical person with both feet on the ground.
You are about to make a most valuable discovery.
You are deeply attached to your family and home.
You are extremely generous and always thinking of others.
You are heading for a land of sunshine and fun.
You are heading in the right direction.
You are kind and trustworthy by nature.
You are mentally alert. Put your mind to good use.
You are next in line for promotion.
You are no doubt obligated to do the proper thing.
You are one of the people who will go places.
You are prompted to set new goals & discover new desires.
You are sensitively tuned-in to loved ones creative talents.
You are the centre of attention.
You can be lucky today regarding your creative talents.
You can be lucky today regarding your romantic aspirations.
You can go ahead with a scheme long under discussion.
You can go ahead with your new ideas.
You can plan now with confidence.
You can solve your problem if you exert yourself.
You deserve respect and will eventually get it.
You have a friendly heart and will be admired.
You have all the assistance and luck this month to succeed.
You have an ambitious nature and will make a name for yourself.
You have an important new venture shaping up.
You have artistic talent; do something creative.
You have found good company; enjoy.
You have got a way with words; maximize on it.
You have the ability to touch many people.
You shall attain great wisdom with the passing years.
You shall know good fortune in the very near future.
You shall soon achieve perfection.
You shall soon be rewarded for your endeavors.
You shall soon gain the attention of those who count.
You shall soon make a long overdue personal decision.
You were born with the skill to easily communicate with people.
You will be a contest winner.
You will be deeply loved.
You will be delighted by an unexpected gift.
You will be drawn to the glamour of the stage.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
You will be happy in life.
You will be honoured.
You will be in the best position.
You will be inspired to new heights of accomplishment.
You will be showered with good luck.
You will be socially successful.
You will be successful in any gathering.
You will be successful in competitive sports.
You will be the centre of a special group's attention.
You will be the guest of a gracious host.
You will benefit immediately if you co-operate for now.
You will dance to a different beat next summer.
You will discover a new area of interest.
You will discover your hidden talents.
You will do well when you expand your horizons.
You will find excitement in your working life.
You will find Monday an especially important day.
You will find much fulfillment with someone special very soon.
You will find security in being with a loved one.
You will get comfort from a new relationship.
You will get the practical help you have been seeking.
You will give some thought to a different lifestyle.
You will have a close encounter of a serious kind.
You will have an enjoyable experience.
You will have an important decision to make next month.
You will have good luck and overcome any hardships.
You will have many friends when you need them.
You will help someone in need.
You will lead a happy life.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will make a profitable investment.
You will make a profitable transaction next month.
You will make exciting holiday plans.
You will master any feeling of inadequacy you may be having.
You will need good reading material in approximately 15 minutes.
You will obtain your goal if you maintain your course.
You will overcome your inhibitions.
You will prosper in the field of entertainment.
You will see success ahead; more money is in prospect.
You will shine at some civic function.
You will soon be blessed with unexpected good luck.
You will soon be confronted with limitless opportunities.
You will soon be honoured by someone you respect.
You will soon be in the limelight.
You will soon be very proud of someone close to you.
You will soon experience great happiness.
You will soon face something new and exciting.
You will soon find something lost long ago.
You will soon receive an invitation to a sporting event.
You will soon receive very special attention.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will take a chance in the near future and win.
You will touch the hearts of many with your gift.
You will travel far and wide for both business and pleasure.
You will try something new.
You will win favours when you expand your social circle.
You will witness a special ceremony.
You would be wise not to seek too much from others at this time.
You would be wise to postpone changes until next month.
Your ability to listen makes you wise.
Your ability to love will help a child in need.
Your ability to share will help someone in need.
Your anxieties are beginning to clear.
Your appreciation of the arts will bring new opportunities.
Your belief in the goodness of mankind will be rewarded.
Your biggest problem will soon be solved.
Your charm and courtesy will be advantageous to your goal.
Your command of the language will open doors for you.
Your concept of handling funds requires review.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Your deepest desires will be granted.
Your dream-maker is making your ideals real.
Your efforts will be well rewarded. Be patient.
Your efforts will pay off.
Your empathy will help someone out of a difficult situation.
Your experience will help a friend make it to the top.
Your expressiveness will bring new opportunities.
Your fantasy will come true.
Your financial outlook is excellent.
Your friends will be generous with invitations.
Your future is as boundless as the lofty heaven.
Your future looks very promising.
Your future will be happy and productive.
Your genuine talent will find its way to success.
Your good listening skills will open many doors to you.
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.
Your hard work will soon show results.
Your home is a pleasant place from which you draw happiness.
Your honesty will be recognized.
Your job needs more concentration. Success will be achieved.
Your keen sense of humour will make you many good friends.
Your kindness to others shall be returned to you threefold.
Your kindness will lead you to success.
Your labours will bear sweet fruit.
Your life will be filled with sunshine.
Your life will be full of true friendships.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your love of peace will affect the course of events.
Your love of sports will bring a change in your life.
Your loyalties are clear when it comes to friends.
Your loyalty shall be rewarded.
Your luck will be good today.
Your luck will soon be at a high.
Your magnetic personality will draw people to you.
Your mastery of every situation will soon prove very important.
Your mind, being creative and original, will make you famous.
Your most difficult problems will soon be nothing.
Your next important purchase will be a bargain.
Your originality will be rewarded.
Your partner will be proud of you.
Your path is difficult, but will be amply rewarded.
Your reputation for being honest will bring rewards.
Your search for knowledge will lead you to high places.
Your secret venture will work out brilliantly.
Your self-confidence is warranted.
Your self-reliance will solve most of your own problems.
Your self-restraint will pay dividends.
Your senior years will be happy & successful.
Your sense of humour will ensure your success.
Your sense of humour will be your key to success.
Your silence at this time is important.
Your social life could be very glamorous and rewarding now.
Your strong principles will lead you to happiness.
Your talents are in fine shape; utilize them to their fullest.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your talent will bring joy to many people.
Your talents will soon be recognized.
Your understanding will help a friend in need.
Your venture will be a success.
Your wisdom shall bring you much respect in later years.
Your wit will lead you into a very interesting situation.
Your worries shall soon be dispelled.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition. Ouch!!!
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind, and won't change the subject.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
Flattery will go far tonight.
Our first and last love...is self love.
You were born with the skill to communicate with people easily.
You are talented in many ways.
Any rough times are behind you.
Grand adventures await those who are willing to turn the corner.
The smart thing is to prepare for the unexpected.
There is yet time enough for you to take a different path.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
A scholars ink lasts longer than a martyrs blood.
Funny thing about humility. Just when you think you've got it, you've lost it.
Little and often makes much.
The days you work are the best days.
The hard times will begin to fade, joy will take their place.
The first step to better times is to imagine them.
When you speak honestly and openly, others truly listen to you.
It doesn't matter. Who is without a flaw?
It is much wiser to take advice than to give it.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Keep in close touch with what your competition is doing.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
Put the data you have uncovered to beneficial use.
Your past success will be overshadowed by your future success.
Skill comes from diligence.
Don't forget to do good deeds as you accumulate wealth.
Your money worries are over! Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Consolidate rather than expand business projects in the near future.
Delay is the antidote for anger.
Get ready! Good fortune comes in bunches.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
You will be wise not to seek too much from others.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Good things are being said about you.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
Someone is speaking well of you.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Happy news is on its way to you.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
You will be invited to an exciting event.
A warm smile is testimony of a generous nature.
A secret admirer will soon send you a sign of affection.
Love asks me no questions, and gives me endless support.
Love is for the lucky and the brave.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you want the rainbow, you must put up with the rain.
If you would be loved, love and be lovable.
The one you love is closer than you think.
Love always and deeply.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
We cannot do great things; only small things with great love.
Love is like wildflowers...it is often found in the most unlikely places.
Love is the only medicine for a broken heart.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Much more grows in the garden than that which is planted there.
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
The greatest gift is love.
There is no limit to love's forbearance, to its trust, its hope, its power to endure.
Those who have love, have wealth beyond measure.
To love is to forgive.
Hearts are not to be had as a gift, hearts are to be earned.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Love conquers all.
Count your blessings by thinking of those whom you love.
"Welcome" is a powerful word.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A person is never too old to learn.
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All will go well with your new project.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Could I get some directions to your heart?
Courtesy begins in the home.
Courtesy is contagious.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Determination is what you need now.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
Don't just think, act!
Don't let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Education is the ability to meet life's situations.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set...confidence will lead you on.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Have a beautiful day.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a chinese bakery!
How you look depends on where you go.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted.
In order to take, one must first give.
In the end all things will be known.
It could be better, but it's good enough.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It takes courage to admit fault.
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
Love lights up the world.
Love truth, but pardon error.
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Now is a good time to buy stock.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Others can help you now.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year!
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Savor your freedom
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself.
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take the high road.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The best prediction of future is the past.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The night life is for you.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.
The weather is wonderful.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
There's no such thing as an ordinary cat.
Those who care will make the effort.
Time and patience are called for; many surprises await you!
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
Welcome change.
Well done is better than well said.
What's hidden in an empty box?
What's yours in mine, and what's mine is mine.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
Wish you happiness.
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a talented storyteller.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes.
You are in good hands this evening.
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends.
You are solid and dependable.
You are working hard.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You love challenge.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will enjoy good health.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will make change for the better.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability is appreciated.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
Do not be afraid of competition.
An exciting opportunity lies ahead of you.
Sell your ideas; they have exceptional merit.
You are kind and friendly.
You are wise beyond your years.
A routine task will turn into an enchanting adventure.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Forget injuries; never forget kindnesses.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
Sing everyday and chase the mean blues away.
You will receive money from an unexpected source.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Experience is the best teacher.
You will be happy with your spouse.
Expect the unexpected.
Stay healthy. Walk a mile.
The family that plays together stays together.
Eat chocolate to have a sweeter life.
Once you make a decision the universe conspires to make it happen.
Make yourself necessary to someone.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Dance as if no one is watching.
Live this day as if it were your last.
Reach for joy and all else will follow.
Move in the direction of your dreams.
Bloom where you are planted.
Appreciate. Appreciate. Appreciate.
Happy news is on its way.
Borrow money from a pessimist. They don't expect it back.
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
Paradise is always where love dwells.
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
True love is not something that comes everyday, follow your heart, it knows the right answer.
Advice given to you will be well worth following.
It is a nice day.
A wise man knows everything; a shrewd one, everybody.
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion.
You will be the sunshine in someone's life.
You will have good luck in the winter.
Your fortune is not something to find but to unfold.
Do onto others as you with others do onto you.
Your home will be visited by good health and wealth.
For every minute spent in organizing, an hour is earned.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Life is a play; it's not its length but its performance that counts.
Deal with the faults of others as gently as with your own.
Love is like war: easy to begin, but very hard to stop.
If I had you, the money, fame, and fortune never could compete.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
Over-indulgence hinders body and mind.
Romance is about to blossom.
Do it because you love it.
A man's fortune has its form given to it by his habits.
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life.
You outdistance all competitors.
Fortune favors the bold.
It's a great weekend to watch a movie.
An interesting musical opportunity is in your near future.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
Just believe it: water and oil cannot be mixed.
Even the greatest of whales is helpless in the middle of a desert.
We can learn much from wise words and less from wise guys.
Find a peaceful place where you can make plans for the future.
Your existence contributes positively to mankind.
It is better to show appreciation than to take things for granted.
A four-wheeled adventure will soon bring you happiness.
You will find hidden treasures where least expected.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
You are affectionate and loyal to those you love.
Clear your mental, emotional, and physical space and you will see.
You have great physical powers and an iron constitution.
Heroism is endurance for one moment more.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
Everyone feels lucky for having you as a friend.
Patience is the key to joy!
You would be wise to keep your eyes wide open at all times.
Share yourself and your possessions with close friends.
To find your self, think for yourself.
You will soon make an important decision.
A new romance is in the near future.
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
Fortune does not change men, it unmasks them.
There is a gradual improvement. Feelings are sweet and tender.
Explore your own world by working together with friends.
Passionate new romance appears in your life when you least expect it.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Sharing little joys offers great hope to others.
For success today look first to yourself.
Your sense of humor reveals itself at just the right times!
Apply yourself to the basics and progress will follow.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Time is the wisest counselor.
Culture and customs of China attract you.
The architect of your destiny is yourself.
Praise a fine day at night.
When you gather all your resources together, Goals are accomplished.
Doing what you love is freedom.  Loving what you do is happiness.
He deserves paradise who makes his companions laugh.
Success is in the details.
Nothing in the world is difficult if one sets his mind to it.
Home is where your heart is.
Life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think.
You are tasting the sweets of success.
If you have a great ambition, take as big a step as possible in the direction of fulfilling it.
You have much skill in expressing yourself to be effective.
He who has good health is young.
Pardon is the choicest flower of victory.
People say you have sharp sense and superb intellect.
Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Tastes like chicken.
When you learn to be flexible, amazing opportunities reveal themselves!
You are broad minded and socially active.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
As you slide down the bannister of life, may the splinters never point your way.
Be cautious while walking in darkness alone.
Anyone who dares to be, can never be weak.
Love is the glue that holds together everything in the world.
You are strong and brave.
Every important call is a close one.
Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.
Be confident and you will succeed.
Your destiny lies before you, choose wisely.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Cleverness is serviceable for everything, sufficient for nothing.
You have the rare ability to recognize ability in others.
Welcome each day as a fresh new beginning.
You have a natural grace and consideration for others.
You are never bitter, deceptive, or petty.
You make other people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
Try a new system or a different approach.
Keep on charging the enemy so long as there is life.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
With care and understanding, your life will have no obstacles.
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it.
Travel hopefully; arrive expectantly.
You long to see the great pyramids in Egypt.
Fear is the root of all evil.
With a little more hard work, you creativity takes you to great heights.
You are the captain of your soul.
A great fortune in the hands of a fool is a great misfortune.
Talent is not a rare commodity; discipline is.
Become your own muse.
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything.
You have the ability to analyze and solve any problem.
Dance like no one is watching.
Wear sunscreen.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning.
Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Be security conscious
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
You enjoy the company of other people.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
You look tired.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! AWAKE!
"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb? A: One. Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
Make a wish, it might come true.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards.
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
Its name is Public Opinion. It is held in reverence. It settles everything. Some think it is the voice of God.
Truth will out this morning. (Which may really mess things up.)
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You are sick, twisted and perverted. I like that in a person.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
Be cheerful while you are alive.
For a light heart lives long.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
You're not my type. For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
You are capable of planning your future.
Beware of Bigfoot!
You have a truly strong individuality.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
Be careful! Is it classified?
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
You're at the end of the road again.
Q: What is purple and commutes? A: An Abelian grape.
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
You have no real enemies.
Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Lady Luck brings added income today. Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Blow it out your ear.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
question = ( to ) ? be : ! be;
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Give thought to your reputation. Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
The ripest fruit falls first.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
Advancement in position.
It was all so different before everything changed.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will pay for your sins. If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
Best of all is never to have been born. Second best is to die soon.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
There was a phone call for you.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Beware the one behind you.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Are you ever going to do the dishes? Or will you change your major to biology?
So you're back... about time...
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
Q: What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice? A: Zorn's Lemon.
You will have a long and boring life.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
He was part of my dream, of course
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Of course you have a purpose
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And hain't that a big enough majority in any town?
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
Never laugh at live dragons.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy". Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce.
Too much is just enough.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
You're working under a slight handicap. You happen to be human.
Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual!
If you can read this, you're too close.
Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
Day of inquiry. You will be subpoenaed.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
No violence, gentlemen
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
Q: What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney? A: An offer you can't understand.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
Stay the curse.
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Increased knowledge will help you now. Have mate's phone bugged.
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, "one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
A day for firm decisions!!!!! Or is it?
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Future looks spotty. You will spill soup in late evening.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
Do something unusual today. Pay a bill.
To be or not to be.
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind. Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever.
Chicken Little was right.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy. A pity that it's totally undeserved.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
Go to a movie tonight. Darkness becomes you.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
You're definitely on their list. The question to ask next is what list it is.
Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick.
You are not dead yet. But watch for further reports.
You are going to have a new love affair.
Communicate! It can't make things any worse.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You should go home.
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You may my glories and my state dispose, But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
Truth is the most valuable thing we have
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You will contract a rare disease.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
You are standing on my toes.
The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
Learn to pause
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act
Every why hath a wherefore.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
Your present plans will be successful.
The better part of valor is discretion.
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
For courage mounteth with occasion.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You have an unusual magnetic personality. Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
Big book, big bore.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
Snow Day
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Talkers are no good doers.
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will be married within a year.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
Give him an evasive answer.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
Harp not on that string.
Familiarity breeds contempt
You dialed 5483.
You have the body of a 19 year old. Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
What I tell you three times is true.
You'll feel devilish tonight. Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n.
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
You will never know hunger.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Man is the only animal that blushes
Never reveal your best argument.
Don't let your mind wander
There is a fly on your nose.
Your love life will be... interesting.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
Do what comes naturally. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
Don't get stuck in a closet
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very very thin paper.
Artistic ventures highlighted. Rob a museum.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Tempt not a desperate man.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
You tread upon my patience.
She is not refined. She is not unrefined. She keeps a parrot.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Save energy: be apathetic.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
Don't relax! It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
You are always busy.
Bridge ahead. Pay troll.
Is this really happening?
Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
What happened last night can happen again.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't worry. Life's too long.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
Don't read everything you believe.
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
So this is it. We're going to die.
Fine day for friends. So-so day for you.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE."
You will be divorced within a year.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often picturesque liar."
Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
You will get what you deserve.
This life is yours. Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
Time to be aggressive. Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Never commit yourself! Let someone else commit you.
It's a very unlucky week in which to be took dead.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient. Don't believe a thing he tells you.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Your reasoning is excellent
Your aim is high and to the right.
Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
O, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practice to deceive.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
You will triumph over your enemy.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform.
My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
You may be recognized soon. Hide.
You look like a million dollars. All green and wrinkled.
How apt the poor are to be proud.
You can create your own opportunities this week. Blackmail a senior executive.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
Things past redress and now with me past care.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.
You need no longer worry about the future. This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You will be awarded some great honor.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Your step will soil many countries.
You will soon forget this.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Just to have it is enough.
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
I dote on his very absence.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
You now have Asian Flu.
Don't hate yourself in the morning
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom.
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
A is for Apple.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Long life is in store for you.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You work very hard. Don't try to think as well.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Many pages make a thick book.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
So so is good, very good, very excellent good: and yet it is not; it is but so so.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You will be successful in love.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
This will be a memorable month
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
Chess tonight.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
You have an unusual equipment for success. Be sure to use it properly.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument.
Don't get to bragging.
Slow day. Practice crawling.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
O, it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Do not overtax your powers.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will have long and healthy life.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Accent on helpful side of your nature. Drain the moat.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
Are you a turtle?
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Be careful! UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Be different: conform.
Be security conscious
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Cheer Up! Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Cold hands, no gloves.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't let your mind wander
Don't plan any hasty moves. You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Oh, and have a nice day!
Give your very best today. Heaven knows it's little enough.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Green light in A.M. for new projects. Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
It's a very unlucky week in which to be took dead.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Learn to pause
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
Never give an inch!
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
People are beginning to notice you. Try dressing before you leave the house.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Snow Day
How unusual!
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Things will be bright in P.M. A cop will shine a light in your face.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
This will be a memorable month
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
You are as I am with You.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are number 6! Who is number one?
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward. Therefore you have few friends.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today. Watch it!
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be sorry...
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You're being followed. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your reasoning is excellent
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
Confucius say: if you think you're going to sum up your whole life on this little bit of paper, you're crazy.
A starship ride has been promised to you by the galactic wizard.
A tub and a rub will change your day.
Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment.
Confucius say you have heart as big as Texas.
Don't behave with cold manners.
Don't forget you are always on our minds.
Help! I am being held prisoner in a Chinese bakery.
It's about time I got out of that cookie.
Never forget a friend. Especially if he owes you.
Never wear your best pants when you go to fight for freedom.
Only listen to the fortune cookie; disregard all other fortune telling units.
Someone will invite you to a Karaoke party.
Suppose you can get what you want.
That wasn't chicken.
You will gain admiration from your peers.
You will receive a fortune cookie.
Accept that some days you're the pigeon, and some days you're the statue.
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Don't fry bacon in the nude.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake, when you make it again.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Confidence is the feeling you have, before you understand the situation.
When a man's stomach is full, it makes no difference whether he is rich or poor.
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
A myth is a religion, in which no one any longer believes.
There is never enough time, unless you're serving it.
There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they fall in love.
All growth depends upon activity.
There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
You can tell the ideals of a nation, by its advertisements.
Win new friends but keep the old. The first are silver, the latter gold.
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know.
Whether women are better than men I cannot say, but I can say they are certainly no worse.
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
The great menace to the life of an industry is industrial self-complacency.
The artist does not see things as they are, but as he is.
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back.
Books are like a mirror. If an ass looks in, you can't expect an angel to look out.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
If you make every game a life and death proposition, you're going to have problems. For one thing, you'll be dead a lot.
Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come for miles to watch you burn.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
I know not with what weapon World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
The less you know about a subject, the longer it takes you to explain it.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down.
The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination. But the combination is locked up in the safe.
Behind everyone who behaves as if he were superior to others, we can suspect a feeling of inferiority which calls for very special efforts of concealment. It is as if a man feared that he was too small and walked on his toes to make himself seem taller.
The human body is a peculiar device, pat it on the back and the head swells.
He that waits upon fortune, is never sure of a dinner.
Rust consumes iron and envy consumes itself.
Reading furnishes the mind only with material for knowledge, it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism, to steal ideas from many is research.
At twenty years of age, the will reigns; at thirty, the wife; and at forty, the judgment.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win you're still a rat.
The control man has secured over nature has far outrun his control over himself.
Work as if you were to live a hundred years. Pray as if you were to die tomorrow.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.
In a hospital they throw you out into the street before you are half cured, but in a nursing home they don't let you out till you are dead.
The man who tried his best and failed is superior to the man who never tried.
The grass may be greener on the other side of the fence but you still have to mow it.
Fame is the perfume of heroic deeds.
Laziness travels so slowly that poverty soon overtakes him.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
I have met the enemy, and it is the eyes of other people.
Ability is what you're capable of doing, motivation determines what you do, and attitude determines how well you do it.
Prejudice is a great time saver. It enables you to form opinions without bothering to get the facts.
The greatest power is often simple patience.
The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
We give up leisure, in order that we may have leisure, just as we go to war, in order that we may have peace.
There is no education like adversity.
As long as a man stands in his own way, everything seems to be in his way.
The man who lets himself be bored, is even more contemptible than the bore.
You can always tell a real friend; when you've made a fool of yourself, he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
A bachelor is a souvenir of some woman who found a better one at the last minute.
One of the very best rules of conversation is to never say anything, which any of the company wish had been left unsaid.
Too many church services start at eleven sharp and end at twelve dull.
There are as many opinions as there are experts. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Happy are those who dream dreams and are willing to pay the price to make them come true.
An education is what you remember, after you have forgotten everything that you've learned.
Faith... is the art of holding on to things your reason once accepted, despite your changing moods.
They know enough who know how to learn.
An excuse is worse than a lie, for an excuse is a lie, guarded.
A great leader never sets himself above his followers except in carrying responsibilities.
Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
The future will one day be the present and will seem as unimportant as the present does now.
Anger is an acid, that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored, than to anything on which it is poured.
People are always ready to admit a man's ability after he gets there.
Life is like riding a bicycle. You don't fall off unless you stop peddling.
Be kind to unkind people
So rare is the union of beauty with modesty.
Borrowing is not much better than begging, just as lending with interest is not much better than stealing.
Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content. If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, it wouldn't be a bad thing.
All things come to him who goes after them.
Like associates with like.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself.
From our ancestors come our names from our virtues our honor.
I never cease being dumbfounded by the unbelievable things people believe.
Heroes are created by popular demand, sometimes out of the scantiest materials.
Men of genius are admired, men of wealth are envied, men of power are feared but only men of character are trusted.
A retentive memory may be a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness.
Coping with the demands of everyday life would be exceedingly trying, if one could arrive at solutions to problems only by actually performing possible options and suffering the consequences.
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him. Of course, no one would have remembered him either.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, cry and the world laughs louder.
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue.
Heroism feels, and never reasons, and is therefore always right.
I was never ruined but twice, once when I lost a lawsuit and once when I won one.
Meeting people formally, is like viewing a house without going inside.
Use your time well, if you want to have leisure time.
Be true to the best you know. This is your high ideal. If you do your best, you cannot do more.
Inspiration is apt to come only while one is working. Waited for, it usually keeps on waiting.
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.
Some people play very, very well just so they won't get embarrassed.
The Extra Mile will have no traffic jams.
One who looks for a friend without faults will have none.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder, in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
It is always easier to fight for one's principles, than to live up to them.
In the arena of human life, the honors and rewards fall to those who show their good qualities in action.
Be tolerant of the human race. Your whole family belongs to it
A rich man without charity, is a rogue and perhaps it would be no difficult matter to prove that he is also a fool.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
To be free in an age like ours, one must be in a position of authority. That in itself would be enough to make me ambitious.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your successes.
Success comes before work only in the dictionary.
We learn geology the morning after the earthquake.
Sitting quietly, doing nothing, spring comes and the grass grows by itself.
Don't complain that you are not getting what you want, Just be glad you are not getting what you deserve!
The next thing to saying a good thing yourself is to quote one.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Hope is a good breakfast but a bad supper.
The proud man counts his newspaper clippings, the humble man his blessings.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted.
The penalty of leadership is loneliness.
A mirror reflects a man's face, but what he is really like is shown by the kind of friends he chooses.
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need.
It's only too easy to catch people's attention by doing something worse than anyone else has dared to do before.
Ninety-two percent of the stuff told you in confidence, you couldn't get anyone else to listen to.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal.
A legend is an old man with a cane known for what he used to do.
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
People are usually more convinced by reasons they discovered themselves than by those found by others.
Money can't buy you friends but you do get a better class of enemies.
Everybody is ignorant
Only one thing is certain
We have met the enemy and he is us.
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
We estimate the wisdom of nations by seeing what they did with their surplus capital.
Anger: an acid that can do more harm, to the vessel in which it is stored, than to anything on which it is poured.
Most people fail in life because they major in minor things.
People, like nails, lose their effectiveness when they lose direction and begin to bend.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Glass, china, and reputation are easily cracked, and never mended well.
Conversation enriches the understanding; but solitude is the school of genius
Honesty is as rare as a man without self-pity.
Many consider nature a vast chemical laboratory, in which all kinds of composition and decompositions are formed.
Vegetation is the basic instrument the creator uses, to set all of nature in motion.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
Life has its own hidden forces, which you can only discover by living.
The best mirror is an old friend.
Never be elated when someone's oppressed, never dejected when another one's blessed.
Pleasure can be supported by an illusion, but happiness rests upon truth.
You know more of a road by having traveled it than by all the pictures and descriptions in the world.
Wealth lost is something lost, honor lost is something lost: Courage lost, all is lost.
Many men die at 25 and aren't buried until they are 75.
If all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they would still not reach a conclusion.
What we anticipate seldom occurs, what we least expected generally happens.
If things do not turn out as we wish, we should wish for them as they turn out.
Whenever I have to choose between two evils, I always like to try the one I haven't tried before.
Hollywood is a place where people from Iowa mistake each other for stars.
We should behave to our friends as we would wish our friends to behave to us.
It is in the treatment of trifles that a person shows what they are.
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit, has limited imagination.
Never confuse motion with action.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
An autobiography usually reveals nothing bad about its writer except his memory.
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
People give us credit only for what we ourselves believe.
Sympathy is a virtue unknown in nature.
If you say that God is good, great, blessed, wise or any such thing, the starting point is this : God is.
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
The Green Bay Packers never lost a football game. They just ran out of time.
Conscience is the sentinel of virtue.
Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
There is no sanctuary of virtue like home.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Do what you know and perception is converted into character.
The difference between greatness and mediocrity is often how an individual views a mistake.
In preparing for battle, I have always found that plans are useless, but planning indispensable.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
We are students of words; we are shut up in schools, colleges, and recitation rooms, for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bag of wind, a memory of words, and do not know a thing.
Action is more generally understood than words.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another.
Our knowledge is the amassed thought and experience of innumerable minds.
It doesn't take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle.
Reformers are those who educate people to appreciate the things they need.
Never give advice in a crowd.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
